option underlying buyer	The buyer of the underlying in an Option Transaction.	rel:definition	1
fx option underlying	The underlying of the foreign currency option is a currency spot rate.	rel:definition	1
investment or deposit account	an account associated with a product or service that requires the account holder to provide funds for management by the account provider	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-TIBM	rel:definition	1
service agreement	a written contract between a client and service provider whereby the service provider supplies some service in the form of time, effort, and/or expertise in exchange for compensation	rel:definition	1
variable debt principal	An amount of issued debt principal which is defined in relation to some variable and so varies over time, as principal.	rel:definition	1
time instant	a temporal entity that is a member of a time scale, with no extent or duration	rel:definition	1
variable interest calculation formula	Formula for the calculation of variable interest.	rel:definition	1
insurance backed guaranty	Security is guaranteed by an insurance policy.	rel:definition	1
traditional warrant	Financial instruments which permit the holder to purchase or sell back to the issuer a specified amount of a share.	rel:definition	1
day of month	a business recurrence interval that indicates a specific, recurring day of the month	rel:definition	1
forward cash delivery	'This is the first of the two currency flows that define a single leg of a standard foreign exchange transaction.'	rel:definition	1
credit facility agreement	A formal contract in which a potential lender agrees to lend to a potential borrower under terms stated in this contract.	rel:definition	1
currency business day type	When calculating the number of days between two dates the count includes only currency business days.	rel:definition	1
dividend leg dividend period	A part of a Dividend Leg, which is the dividend period and the terms relating to this.	rel:definition	1
mtn offer program	A program of offerings of Medium Term Note debt securities. This is a set of issues where the maturity is defined after the rest of the terms have been registered with some authority. These are registered up front so that then the company wants to borrow more money they don't have to go through the registration period but have the facility up front to issue another security.	rel:definition	1
civilian labor force	a subset of the civilian, non-institutional population considered to be part of the labor force during a given reporting period	rel:definition	1
debt convexity analytic	The second derivative of a security's price with respect to its yield, divided by the security's price. A security exhibits positive convexity when its price rises more for a downward move in its yield than its price declines for an equal upward move in its yield. Further notes: A measure of the change in price for a given change in Modified Duration. This always (necessarily) refers to Modified Duration. This is used as another risk measurement. Numerator is always (a) duration - either MacCaulays or Modified. Always rate of change of (one of the) Duration against some other parameter. The other paramater can be characterised as a Yield (it may be the Price, but that has a relationship to the Yield in any case). REVIEW: Inconsistency in the above - is it always necessarily Modified Duration that is referred to, or \"any\" Duration measure (Macaulays and.or Modified)? notes 9 Dec A measure of the sensitivity of the price with reference to interest rates. This is normally determined with reference to maturity, but since there are different maturity dates, this figure gives an estimate of the equitvalent if you had a homogenous portfolio, i.e. this is an estimate based on a pure equivalent, homogenous portfolio. Convexity of instrument versus portfolio. Sees instrument in terms of the set of cashflows. The term Convexity can be applied either to a bond or to a portfolio. More notes: When you get Convexit in MD, it will tell you what Duration it is refrfering to, along with Redemption Date (logically). Also if there is Option Adjusted Yield, there is a third set of analytics. What are they? i.e. OA Convexity, Duration Yield and the rest. Conclusions: Agreed to revisit this in OTC.	rel:definition	1
option on futures underlying	The underlying of a traded Futures Option, which is a traded Futures contract, generally on the same derivatives exchange.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor basis swap euribor icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR EURIBOR-Basis Swap-1m vs 3m-Euribor-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
instalment default	Non payment of a call by the beneficial owner, resulting in either a court action by the issuer or the sale of the securities to recover costs and/or a forfeit of partially paid securities. SWIFT = INDE	rel:definition	1
security payment status	The Payment Status of a Unit or other Security.	rel:definition	1
equity future share underlying	A share which is the underlying of an Equities Future contract.	rel:definition	1
mxn tiie banxico	the FpML floating interest index for MXN-TIIE-Banxico	rel:definition	1
lender right	Rights on the lender to protect them against loss. furthe rNtoes: Logically, considering the two parties, they both have protecxtion mechanisms. so while the lender has protecxtion mechanisms through mortgage insurance, and the consumer has protextion mechanisms such as good faith estimates. also the agencies (see Consumer Protection Agency), an instance of which is the CFPB in the US (just set up). Lender rights are: - expressed in the Contract Consumer protection develops becaues the contract is written by the potential Lender. So the rights are introcued to rectify the imbalance between the two parties. Same goes for insurance. consumer protection laws (governe dby the relevant consumer protection agency. So the lender protexts itself as it writes th contract AND does the things it needs to do to protext itself, but on the approval process, and with later instruments such as insurance. Interestingly., it is the Borrower who pays for this by paying for credit reports etc. So the borrower protects itself by other mechanisms. Caveat emptor - displaced by regulation (the buyer is protected by regulation). Uberimae Fidae - in the utmost good faith. Mortgage Insurance is an additional means of mitigating the risk, that the lended may have., so if the information assessed is not accurate, or if the borrower's situation changes for the worse. then the risk rating may go down. So the Mortgage Insurance is a further strategy which mitigates any shortfall in the Lender Righrs that you may have - ie someone guarantees. In the US you can also avoid that by having paid a deposit. PIMI: Principal, Interst and Morgage Insurance. So the Borrower pays towards the MI, esxcept if they have paid a given amount as deposit. there are 2 types of MI: 1. protects the lender in the event of borrower degault 2. Insurance for \"Incapacity to pay the mortage\" (these can be bought off the shelf - can combine health, unemployment etc.). - this is the Borrower mitigating their own risk. Prevents foreclosure. Similar to general sickness etc. Where the lender charges for MI, the cost is passed onto the Borrower. e.g. if there is a % valuation (e.g. 70% in Aus, 80% in US for example) then no insurance is required.	rel:definition	1
economic rate observable	a rate-based observable that is specifically an economic indicator	rel:definition	1
day type	The type of day specified when stating some duration as a number of days between two dates.	rel:definition	1
investment company	Any issuer which: (a) is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities; (b) is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of issuing face-amount certificates of the installment type, or has been engaged in such business and has any such certificate outstanding; or (c) is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding, or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 per centum of the value of such issuer&apos;s total assets (exclusive of Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis	rel:definition	1
bank	a depository institution, usually a corporation, that accepts deposits, makes loans, pays checks, and performs related services, for individual members of the public, businesses or other organizations	rel:definition	1
sek annual swap rate seswfi	the FpML floating interest index for SEK-Annual Swap Rate-SESWFI	rel:definition	1
time direction	an enumeration that indicates whether a calendar specified date is figured from the start or the end of a calendar period	rel:definition	1
vnd semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for VND-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
draft contract	A document which, once agreed to be such by some parties, may become a contract between those parties. Term origin:SR Modeling	rel:definition	1
agency determined date	A date which is or which is to be determined by some external agency.	rel:definition	1
regulation identifier	an identifier associated with a regulation	rel:definition	1
usd federal funds reference dealers	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Federal Funds-Reference Dealers	rel:definition	1
cashflow cdo	A cash-flow CDO is analogous to a CMO. Cash flows from collateral are used to pay principal and interest to investors. If such cash flows prove inadequate, principal and interest is paid to tranches according to seniority. At any point in time, all immediate obligations to a given tranch are met before any payments are made to less senior tranches.	rel:definition	1
dutch auction	"The party to which the offer is made need not be the holder. Details: Question on \""Who is the actor?\"" Dutch auction would have multiple parties? What is the scenario? Usually happens when a company is about to go into administration. Looking at the scneario descried in the SWIFT definition - not clear if this is the only such scenario. Possibly the issuer has to notif ythe shareholders that the offer is being made. The offer is made by the third party but the notice is sent by the issuer (via their agent) and via the registrar who holds the details of who holds all the shares. Example: Lloyds banking group - most shares would be owned by the market, and a small percentage might be held by private investors. So in this scenario everyone has to be given the opportunity to sell at the given price. so the CAE message is still issued by the Issuer. SWIFT detailed names (synonym?) \""Dutch Auction, Bid Tender\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
dutch auction	""Similar to a tender offer, a Dutch auction is an action by a party wishing to acquire a particular security. Current holders of the targeted security are invited to make an offer in which they would be willling to sell their holdings. UPDATE THIS DEFINITION: Similar to a tender offer, a Dutch auction is the result of an action by a third party wishing to acquire a particular security. Current holders of the targeted security are invited (and given a message by the issuer) to make an offer in which they would be willling to sell their holdings. OR It might also represent a separate scenario where third parties do this, as per the original SWIFT defition. You can only go to the Registrar which would the other scenario impossible. Agents and Registrars: The issue issuer os the company which issued the shares (as modeled); Most companies don't interact directly with the market to find out who they need to disseminate the info to. They can, but more likely the employ \""Issuers Agent\"". That provides one point of contact from the organization. That agent handles all coms with the Registrars, and to the news wires etc., to disseminate the corporate action. Context: CAE only, or in the context of the Issue? When you issue the security you nominate an Agent, in the prospectus, there is specified an Issuing Agent. This is the one that does these things. Usually a merchant bank etc. in the old days. This is who will have directly facilitated that direct market engagement. Next question: This is part of going public, so these agents are appointed as part of going public."	rel:definition	1
mortgage loan	A loan securitized against some real estate.	rel:definition	1
trigger event	Any event where some value passes some threashold. Or some other type of business event. This is not restricted to \"trigger\" in the sense of a value passing a threshold. Can also be an seen such as a CDO manager going into bankruptcy.	rel:definition	1
joint venture partner	a party in the role of joint venture partner to some venture	rel:definition	1
sovereign debt issuer	A national Government, acting in the capacity of an Issuer.	rel:definition	1
statistical area identifier	an identifier for a physical location that is defined per a nationally consistent program for designating geographic regions for the purposes of tabulating and presenting statistical data	rel:definition	1
payment obligation	Obligation to make payments on transactions transacted under the Master Agreement, as specified in any Confirmation made by that party.	rel:definition	1
basket option strike terms	Formal terms for the exercise of an Equity Basket Option. Further Notes Review 10 Feb: Strike price for Basket depends what is in the basket Single names: can come up with a value for the basket as a whole. Basket of Indices - would be different. Each constituent is an index. Basket that mixes single name as well as indices.	rel:definition	1
hmda disposition	a type of action taken regarding an application for a HMDA covered loan	rel:definition	1
known calendar duration	A duration defined as a known number of calendar days.	rel:definition	1
reference debt instrument	A debt instrument in the role of a reference instrument. Some property of the instrument is used in calculations, for example the interest or the yield of the instrument.	rel:definition	1
business requirement	A requirement driven by business imperatives.	rel:definition	1
credit risk assessment	a risk assessment that focuses on determining the likelihood of a potential borrower repaying a loan	rel:definition	1
body incorporated through agreement	A body with legal personhood, incorporated through some agreement among the principals, and without equity or guarantee instruments which would isolate the principals from liability.	rel:definition	1
civilian labor force participation rate	an economic indicator representing the rate of participation the labor force of a given economy for some specified period	rel:definition	1
legal entity identifier registry	a registry for registering and maintaining information about business entities for a particular jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
security identifier	any publicly available identifier that is used to identify a security	rel:definition	1
government issued debt security	a debt security issued by some government on behalf of some polity, including sovereign and municipal debt	rel:definition	1
offering document	a legal document, published by an offeror or issuer of one or more securities that contains details of the offer, including but not necessarily limited to information a potential investor might want to know about the offering and issuer in order to make an informed investment decision	rel:definition	1
savings and loan holding company	a company that directly or indirectly controls a savings association or another savings and loan holding company, and explicitly excludes any company that is also a bank holding company	rel:definition	1
international electronic funds transfer service	an electronic funds transfer (EFT) service involving the transfer of funds across national borders, that may also involve currency conversion	rel:definition	1
chf isdafix swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-ISDAFIX-Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
usd cms reuters	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CMS-Reuters	rel:definition	1
minor	a person under a certain age, usually the age of majority in a given jurisdiction, which legally demarcates childhood from adulthood	rel:definition	1
fund distributor	an entity through which a fund may be bought by or for an investor. This may be on a discretionary or advisory basis, or as an execution-only service. Definition origin:EFAMA DD	rel:definition	1
option type selection	Whether it is a call option (right to purchase a specific underlying asset) or a put option (right to sell a specific underlying asset).	rel:definition	1
define notes parameters	the denom of the notes	rel:definition	1
warranties section	Section defining what is warranted by either party to the other. A warranty, as contained in this section of a contract, is a statement by one other party asserting that some given state of the world exists.	rel:definition	1
derivatives clearing	The service... This is correect - this role applies the same to Futures and Options contracts on derivatives exchanges. This is always on a Futures Exchange. There are similar terms / facilities for options traded on a Stock Exchange. Also American v European by implication of the nature of the underlying i.e. whether it's a stock or a futures contract.	rel:definition	1
usd treasury rate swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Treasury Rate-SwapMarker100	rel:definition	1
sole proprietor	a party that owns a business, has the rights to all profits from that business and is considered a single entity (unincorporated) together with that business for tax and liability purposes	rel:definition	1
security final prospectus	The final Prospectus for an issue describes the Offer Issue, including facts about the issue itself such as closing dates, and known facts about the securities that will form part of that issue.	rel:definition	1
benchmark	A reference index used to measure fund performance.	rel:definition	1
non tradable debt redemption provision	terms for repayment of principal on debt instruments that are not traded securities, such as over the counter, bilateral paper	rel:definition	1
payment obligation	a legally enforceable duty to pay a sum of money, or agree to do something (or not to do something), according to the terms stated in a contract	rel:definition	1
gbp libor swap eurex lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-6M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
bricks and mortar holding	A holding of built property.	rel:definition	1
letter of credit issuer	The party which issues a Letter of Credit.	rel:definition	1
debt pool	a pool consisting of debt instruments, such as bonds, loans or mortgages	rel:definition	1
housing unit	a house, an apartment, a mobile home or trailer, a group of rooms, or a single room occupied as separate living quarters, or if vacant, intended for occupancy as separate living quarters	rel:definition	1
share value increase action	Increase of the share capital. The face value of the single share is changed without modification of the number of shares in circulation. May include a capital payout to shareholder.	rel:definition	1
regular floater tranche	A floater tranche is a tranche that is keyed to an index and a spread. The spread is added to the index.	rel:definition	1
fixed basket constituent	a component of a fixed basket	rel:definition	1
remittance report	Report containing a specific and limited set of information about the Deal. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
corporate officer capacity	the capacity vested in a public officer of a company	rel:definition	1
loan snapshot or status	Information applicable to a loan at a given date.	rel:definition	1
loan pool analytic	A measure of some aspect of a pool of loans.	rel:definition	1
tax rule	The tax rule which is applied in determing the applicable tax.	rel:definition	1
aud semi swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-Semi-annual Swap Rate-ICAP	rel:definition	1
distribution by security	Pay by Security	rel:definition	1
market spread	a statistical measure providing the difference (or spread) between two market rates	rel:definition	1
fund dividend policy	Terms for the expected distributions of dividends.	rel:definition	1
monetary measure	some measure of some sum of money	rel:definition	1
usd libor swap cme lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-6M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
sek sior ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for SEK-SIOR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
partnership with natural person limited partners	a partnership with limited partners (partners whose liability is limited) and where those partners are necessarily natural persons (i.e. cannot be corporates)	rel:definition	1
security trading status	The status of the security in terms of whether it is trading or not, and any special considerations relating to trading.	rel:definition	1
contract term	An individual term in a Contract. Forms part of a set of Contractual Terms. Also exists within a Clause of a Contract A Clause exists within a Section of a Contract	rel:definition	1
pass through issue prospectus part	A part or section of a prospectus for a pass through MBS issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
account	Business relationship between two entities; one entity is the account owner, the other entity is the account servicer.	rel:definition	1
loan identification scheme	A scheme for formal identification of loans. Further notes: May be a published, public scheme or an internal scheme. MAy not be a database-specific key.	rel:definition	1
filing for bankruptcy	An event in which an organization files for bankruptcy.	rel:definition	1
arbitrage cdo objective	The objective is arbitrage, whereby the motivation is to add value by repackaging assets into tranches.	rel:definition	1
loan ongoing prepayment terms	Terms governing prepayments of the principal on a loan by the borrower throughout the life of the loan.	rel:definition	1
base	the variable to which an additional margin amount is added to get the interest amount	rel:definition	1
listed securities composite market	A Market defined as being a number of exchanges or trading venues in a particular marketplace or area.	rel:definition	1
security listing	a capability for listing a security provided by a securities trading facility	rel:definition	1
failure to pay interest	The failure by the Reference Entity to pay an expected interest amount or the payment of an actual interest amount that is less than the expected interest amount. Further notes: A credit event. ISDA 2003 Term: Failure to Pay Interest. FpML full definition: 'A credit event. Corresponds to the failure by the Reference Entity to pay an expected interest amount or the payment of an actual interest amount that is less than the expected interest amount. ISDA 2003 Term: Failure to Pay Interest.'	rel:definition	1
property purchase and sale	The sale and purchase of real estate.	rel:definition	1
financial exposure	the extent to which an individual or organization is open to risk of suffering a loss in a transaction, or with respect to some investment or set of investments, e.g., some holding; the amount one stands to lose in that transaction or investment	rel:definition	1
inr semi annual swap rate non tullett prebon	the FpML floating interest index for INR-Semi Annual Swap Rate-Non-deliverable-16:00-Tullett Prebon	rel:definition	1
securities transaction contract	The contract (written or implied) which governs the transaction of securities in the secondary Market.	rel:definition	1
cashflow commitment	A legal or contractual commitment to some cash flows in the future.	rel:definition	1
option	A financial derivative which represents a contract sold by one party (option writer) to another party (option holder). The contract offers the buyer the right, but not the obligation, to buy (call) or sell (put) a security or other financial asset at an agreed-upon price (the strike price) during a certain period of time or on a specific date (exercise date).	rel:definition	1
option	a contract that grants to the holder either the privilege to purchase or the privilege to sell the assets specified at a predetermined price or formula at or within a time in the future	rel:definition	1
remarketing purpose	The process of reselling securities to the public that have been tendered for purchase by the previous owners thereof.	rel:definition	1
correspondent	A bank, brokerage or other financial institution that is not a direct DTC member. Correspondents rely on direct DTC Participants to perform their DTC settlement services	rel:definition	1
restructuring	A restructuring is an event that materially impacts the reference entity's obligations, such as an interest rate reduction, principal reduction, deferral of interest or principal, change in priority ranking, or change in currency or composition of payment.	rel:definition	1
personal consumption expenditures	an economic indicator representing a measure of the value of the goods and services purchased by, or on the behalf of, 'persons'	rel:definition	1
basket of securities	a basket of traded securities	rel:definition	1
premium price per option expression	The expression of the premium as a function of the number of options.	rel:definition	1
measurable asset	Some asset which is or may be measured monearality in some currency. Editorial Note: This class introduced because the original FIBO model has a property \"measured in\" (with range of Currency) which is not in FIBO-FND v1.0 and because this lets us use the parent class to define anything as an asset if it is owned whether or not it is measured monetarily. Applications of the concept of Asset to accouting, book-keeping etc where it is measured should use this now term in place of the parent term \"Asset\". Note also that the moved property \"measured in\" is an object property, having a range of Currency.	rel:definition	1
founders share	A share which is not tradable and which is held by founders of the compsny. Ths is stock that pre-dates any flotation of the company.	rel:definition	1
underwriting arrangement	a contractual agreement between an organization (typically an investment bank) and a securities issuer that commits the underwriter to assuming risk involved in buying a new issue of securities from an issuing corporation or government entity and reselling it to the public, either directly or through dealers	rel:definition	1
transaction business event	Occurrence in time that partners to a business transaction wish to monitor or control.	rel:definition	1
equity option put transaction	A transaction which is defined in an equity options contract and which may or may not take place, at the discretion of the holder of the option. If it does take place, this will be a transaction for the sale of the equity underlying or some cash equivalent thereof, as defined in the option contract.	rel:definition	1
us bank holding company	a bank holding company that is licensed to conduct business in the United States and is regulated and supervised by the Federal Reserve in accordance with the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956	rel:definition	1
economic rate based derivative instrument	a rate-based derivative whose underlier is an economic indicator	rel:definition	1
bond with published sinking fund	Bonds where the amortizing is via a known and published schedule.	rel:definition	1
trustee	A party which has some role in relation to some financial investment (portfolio, issue etc.) which is formally defined as being a \"Trustee\" in that context.	rel:definition	1
government appointee	an individual appointed by government decree to lead, or participate in some capacity in a government body	rel:definition	1
mathematical thing	A Mathematical Thing is something in the universe of mathematics. That is, something that is a parameter (mathematical quantity) or something that is used to express that parameter, such as a value or components of a formula.	rel:definition	1
equities basket constituent	an equity instrument that is a component of a basket of equities	rel:definition	1
calculated date	a date that is or will be calculated in some way	rel:definition	1
calculated date	A Date which is calculated according to some defined formula or calculation method. The results of such calculation are not known in the present, e.g. one or more parameters for the calculation are not yet known.	rel:definition	1
affiliate	an affiliate of, or a person affiliated with, a specific person is a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the person specified	rel:definition	1
unlimited tax general obligation bond	An unlimited-tax general obligation pledge is similar to the limited-tax pledge. The only difference is that the local government is asked to increase property tax rates to necessary levels - up to a maximum of 100% - to cover delinquencies from taxpayers. Local residents must first agree to increase property taxes to necessary amounts required for the bonds.	rel:definition	1
senior equity priority terms set	The precise terms which define the seniority of this class of Equity. These terms set out that the holder has the first call among equity holders, on the assets of the issuing entity in the event of it being wound up, ahead of the holders of other classes of equity.	rel:definition	1
instrument	Something which is used to further some purpose or to measure some variable in furtherance of some purpose. Explanatory Note: This may include more abstract or even relative or mediating things such as contracts, put to some purpose. For example, financial instruments. It also include physical measurement instruments (flow meters etc.) in industrial plant.	rel:definition	1
trustee	An individual or organization which holds or manages and invests assets for the benefit of another. The trustee is legally obliged to make all trust-related decisions with the beneficiary's interests in mind, and may be liable for damages in the event of not doing so. Trustees may be entitled to a payment for their services, if specified in the trust deed. In the specific case of the bond market, a trustee administers a bond issue for a borrower, and ensures that the issuer meets all the terms and conditions associated with the borrowing.	rel:definition	1
oette	REVIEW: Is this a kind of IO Tranche.	rel:definition	1
equity option call transaction	A transaction which is defined in an equity options contract and which may or may not take place, at the discretion of the holder of the option. If it does take place, this will be a transaction for the purchase of the equity underlying or some cash equivalent thereof, as defined in the option contract.	rel:definition	1
loan performance status	The current performance of the loan, as one of a list of possible statuses.	rel:definition	1
debt instrument reference rate	The interest rate of some debt instrument which is referred to in calculations of some sort.	rel:definition	1
step event	The event whereby a set of fixed coupon terms comes into force as specified in the Step Schedule.	rel:definition	1
strip	Separate Trading of Registered Interest and Principal of Securities. A Debt Instrument which consists of either the interest component alone, or the principal component alone, of a bond.	rel:definition	1
security lifecycle status	The status of a security within its lifecycle.	rel:definition	1
consent solicitation request	"Procedure aimed at obtaining consent of holders to proposal by issuer or a third party without a formal general meeting. SWIFT Full TExt: \""Solicitation of shareholders consent. Procedure aimed at obtaining consent of holders to proposal by issuer or a third party without a formal general meeting.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
consent solicitation request	""Solicitation of shareholders consent."	rel:definition	1
numerical variable	Some numerical variable.	rel:definition	1
board agreement	a formal, legally binding agreement between members of the Board of Directors of the organization	rel:definition	1
conversion notification	Conversion or optional exchange of securities (generally convertible bonds or preferred shares) into another form of securities (usually common shares) at a pre-stated price.	rel:definition	1
examiner	a party appointed by, and who has the capacity to act as an official representative of, a regulatory agency to provide examination, review, and other regulatory services	rel:definition	1
futures trading margin	In the futures market, margin refers to the initial deposit of \"good faith\" made into an account in order to enter into a futures contract. This margin is referred to as good faith because it is this money that is used to debit any day-to-day losses.	rel:definition	1
average life at issue	The Average Life analytic at the time the security was issued.	rel:definition	1
draft pass through termsheet	Draft of set of information defining the pass thorugh security terms. These will eventually become the contractual terms of the instrument. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
muni debt offering	The process step of offering a Municipal Debt security for issue.	rel:definition	1
balance sheet cdo	Balance Sheet CDO/CLO/CBO - the reference assets for the SDO portfolio are taken from a company/firm's balance sheet.	rel:definition	1
combined cash and securities response message	"SWIFT: Term:\""Cash and Securities\"" Definition:\""Election choice includes a distribution of both cash and securities to holders.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
combined cash and securities response message	""Notification of response opting to take a distribution of both securities and cash as offered."	rel:definition	1
usd municipal swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Municipal Swap Rate-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
usd federal funds	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Federal Funds-H.15	rel:definition	1
cad tbill telerate	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-TBILL-Telerate	rel:definition	1
jpy ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-OIS-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
fund portfolio	An account containing a number of financial instruments along with cash positions in one or more currencies and belonging to a Fund	rel:definition	1
zar quarterly swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-Quarterly Swap Rate-1:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
forward cash delivery commitment	A commitment to deliver a cash amount at an agreed date in the future.	rel:definition	1
account provider	a party that provides and services the account	rel:definition	1
voluntary distribution	An action in which funds are distributed voluntarily by the issuer of a security.	rel:definition	1
inflation swap contract	Draft definition: This is a swap instrument which makes reference to an inflation index.	rel:definition	1
eur tmm cdc compound	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TMM-CDC-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
uncrossing price	The indicative uncrossing price and corresponding uncrossing volume broadcast during auction calls and immediately following uncrossing.	rel:definition	1
incorporation guarantee	A guarantee which is part of the means by which some incorporated entity is incorporated by guarantee.	rel:definition	1
statistical measure	A summary (means, mode, total, index, etc.) of the individual quantitative variable values for the statistical units in a specific group (study domains).	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11.00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
registered shareholder	a shareholder that is registered on the shareholder registry for a company	rel:definition	1
producer	the manufacturer of a product, also called maker	rel:definition	1
international money market australian dollar trading date rule	a trading date rule defined as the last trading day of an Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) 90-Day Bank Accepted Futures and Options product, one Sydney business day preceding the second Friday of the relevant settlement month	rel:definition	1
aud semi annual swap rate icap reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-ICAP-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
personal loan contract	The contract for a loan which is advanced to an individual human beings or two more individual human beings in their personal capacities.	rel:definition	1
credit score	a quantitative measure or category that results from a credit evaluation model	rel:definition	1
wealth management service	a high-level financial service that combines financial and investment advice, accounting and tax services, retirement planning and legal or estate planning for one set fee	rel:definition	1
bond option	An option on a traded futures contract for a Bond. When exercised, the holder exercises the right to buy the future on a Bond, s/he does not exercise the right to buy a bond.	rel:definition	1
bond option underlying	The underlying on a Bond Option, which is the corresponding Bond Future contract on the same exchange.	rel:definition	1
funds creation	SPV set up for fund management Conesnsus:Review	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate tullett prebon	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-16:00-Tullett Prebon	rel:definition	1
numbering agency	The agency which will provide the primary securitiy identifier for the security. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
us producer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the change over time in the selling prices received by domestic producers for their output	rel:definition	1
license	grant of permission needed to do something	rel:definition	1
license	A contract conferring certain rights and obligations on the holder of the contract (the licensee) who is generally unknown to the license issuer (the licensor).	rel:definition	1
frs state member bank	a commercial bank that is state-chartered and a member of the Federal Reserve System	rel:definition	1
fund equity	A share or proportion of the capital gains in a fund.	rel:definition	1
otc interest rate cap option contract	A strip of options in which interest payable in each period is either the Observable (Underlying) rate or the Strike rate, at the holder's discretion, and in which the Strike rate represents a rate above which the holder can elect not to pay.	rel:definition	1
company statutory obligation	an obligation defined in company law (statute)	rel:definition	1
jpy libor bba bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
exchange identifier	an identifier allocated to a securities exchange	rel:definition	1
institution type	a classifier of financial institutions as defined by the National Information Center (NIC) registry	rel:definition	1
equity option	Equity options are the most common type of equity derivative. They provide the right, but not the obligation to trade a quantity of stock at a set price at a future time.	rel:definition	1
tradable debt instrument redemption provision	terms for the redemption of the debt represented by a debt security	rel:definition	1
collateral dated facts	What information is kept about different kinds of asset? Example: HJouse: Building structure, the land (these are non date facts), quality of the title. If car, information, identify (registration, VIN etc.); insurance and so on. Insurance is a dated fact. If a car is collateral., you would collect updated information on an ongoing basis. this happens though registering an interest in the vehicle. Insurance companies undertake not to cancel insutrance without notifying lender if there is a lein. so they regfister an interest in a motor vehicle. so some of this event driven, some is dated, some is static. Also: Flood plain risk, flood insurance on the asset.	rel:definition	1
sharia law system	A system of Shari'a Law.	rel:definition	1
jpy isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate-10:00	rel:definition	1
usd libor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for USD-6M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
non physical underlier	an underlier that does not represent a deliverable asset	rel:definition	1
frs non member bank	a financial institution that is not a Federal Reserve member bank	rel:definition	1
odd lot sale instruction	"This is in response to the Issuer-initiated Corporate Action in which they make an Odd Lot Offer. SWIFT: Term:\""Odd Lot Sale\"" Definition:\""Sale of odd-lot back to the issuing company.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
odd lot sale instruction	odd lot sale	rel:conveys.2	1
odd lot sale instruction	""Notification of holder choice to sell odd-lot back to the issuing company."	rel:definition	1
security offering distribution type	the type of distribution for a securities offering, including (1) primary offering - the original sale of a company's securities, in which the proceeds from the sale are received directly by the company, and (2) secondary offering - an offering of a security that has been issued previously	rel:definition	1
maturity extension	As stipulated in a bond's Terms and Conditions, the issuer or the bondholder may prolong the maturity date of a bond. After extension, the security may differ from original issue (new rate or maturity date). May be subject to bondholder's approval.	rel:definition	1
covered transaction	A transaction covered by some Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
international money market settlement date rule	a settlement date rule as defined in the International Money Market (IMM) settlement dates calendar	rel:definition	1
rub annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
equity basket option annex	An annex to an Equities Basket Option, setting out in detail the composition of the Basket.	rel:definition	1
frs member bank	a Federal Reserve member bank	rel:definition	1
deliverable obligation buyer	The party which is obligated to purchase the Deliverable Obligation in the event that the CDS Contingent Transaction takes place. Deifnition Origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
interbank mid rate	an interbank rate that represents the mid-point between bid and offer rates	rel:definition	1
financial instrument identification scheme	a formal definition of the structure and application of a particular set of financial instrument identifiers	rel:definition	1
partial calls estimation model	A model of how the early partial calls are estimated.	rel:definition	1
interest calculation formula	formula for calculation of interest	rel:definition	1
up to one year description	Formal duration description for Durations of up to one year.	rel:definition	1
notional step relative to selection	a specification of whether a percentage rate change, used to calculate a change in notional outstanding, is expressed as a percentage of the initial notional amount or of the previously outstanding notional amount	rel:definition	1
business day	A working day as defined in the Business Calendar for a particular business center.	rel:definition	1
creditworthiness	A selection of types of creditworthiness, such as sub prime. Created for ABS but may be referred to in any instrument or tranche where this is a feature.	rel:definition	1
potential underwriter	The entity which will become the underwriter for an issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
currency spot sell rate	an indicative spot selling market rate as observed by the reporting source	rel:definition	1
instrument credit rating	An Instrument Credit Rating, that is the creditworthiness of the investment as determined by a Ratings Agency.	rel:definition	1
us bank	a bank that is licensed to conduct business in the United States	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap cme lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-3M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
cad ba reuters	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-BA-Reuters	rel:definition	1
amortizing security	A bond with terms mandating amortization of the principal	rel:definition	1
chf libor isda	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-LIBOR-ISDA	rel:definition	1
maturity extension	The fact that the underlier fails to make principal payments as expected. Further notes: A credit event. REVIEW: The definition from FpML appears to be a variant on that for Failure To Pay Principal. The definition given here is the definition of a failure to pay principal but the FpML definition for Failure to pay Principal is more detailed. This definition alone does not justify an extension of the maturity. FpML full definition: 'A credit event. Results from the fact that the underlier fails to make principal payments as expected.'	rel:definition	1
yes or no	something which has two states, interpreted as Yes and No in the context in which this is used	rel:definition	1
securities trades matching	Matching of trade allegations to identify confirmed trades, on an Over the Counter market in Traded Securities.	rel:definition	1
participating preference share	Like the preferred shares, participating preference shares have a prior claim on dividends, and on assets in an event of corporate liquidation or dissolution. But preferred stock would take precedence over preference stock in respect of dividends and assets that may be available for distribution.	rel:definition	1
share coupon schedule specification	Schedule of dates on which a Share Coupon Payment is to take place.	rel:definition	1
discounted instrument yield	Yield quoted for a discount instrument. This is the ratio of the discount to the face value, divided by the period to maturity as a fraction of a year.	rel:definition	1
credit report product	a specifically branded credit report offered in the market place	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap eurex lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-6M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
clearing house	a financial service provider that is exchange affiliated and provides clearing services, including the validation, delivery, and settlement of financial transactions, for financial intermediaries	rel:definition	1
pool constituent	something that is a component of a pool	rel:definition	1
put option writing party	The Party which is the writer of the Put Option. This party has the obligation to transact as the Buyer of the Option Underlying.	rel:definition	1
fund subscription terms	Subscription terms for the fund. Further notes: ISO FIBIM, EFAMA DD and FPP combine terms for subscription, redemption and general holding requirements. These have been separated here as they are different kinds of term, but this can be reviewed. Subscription Terms are identified as terms of the fund and not the fund unit, since terms for how you might subscribe can't be binding one someone who has not yet subscribed.	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate icap reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-ICAP-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
aud quarterly swap rate icap reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-Quarterly Swap Rate-ICAP-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
statutory body	a body set up by a government to consider evidence and make judgements in some field of activity	rel:definition	1
price structure	a structured collection of quoted prices, such as market prices for some index or security, such that volatility may be constructed for the structure	rel:definition	1
accounting reporting party	The party, from the perspective of which economic facts are defined.	rel:definition	1
project goal	Some stated goal of a project as set out in the project planning documentation.	rel:definition	1
jpy libor bba	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
personal assessment facts at approval	Pertinent economic facts about an individual person at the time a given loan was approved.	rel:definition	1
payment service	a financial service that involves acceptance of electronic payments by a variety of payment methods including credit card, bank-based payments such as direct debit, bank transfer, and real-time bank transfer based on online banking	rel:definition	1
vnd semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for VND-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
non participating preference share	The usual type of preference share, which is not a Participating Preference Share	rel:definition	1
mortgage loan purpose	A purpose for which a Mortgage Loan may be taken out.	rel:definition	1
mortgage loan purpose	the purpose for which mortgage loan proceeds will be used, such as real property purchase, dwelling construction, or loan refinancing	rel:definition	1
pool analytical parameter	Paramater that describes some aspect of the behaviour of some kind of pool.	rel:definition	1
long term equity option	An option whose contract expires at a date longer than one year. Also known as long-term equity anticipation securities (LEAPS). From Investopedia: These options are called long-term equity anticipation securities (LEAPS). By providing opportunities to control and manage risk or even to speculate, LEAPS are virtually identical to regular options. LEAPS, however, provide these opportunities for much longer periods of time. Although they are not available on all stocks, LEAPS are available on most widely held issues.	rel:definition	1
credit facility loan tranche	A tranche of a credit facility the purpose of which is a kind of Loan.	rel:definition	1
usd libor swap cme lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-3M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
cds fee payment schedule specification	A schedule expressing payment events and dates.	rel:definition	1
cash currency	Money in the form of promissory notes issued by some central bank.	rel:definition	1
avm provider	Party which is the Provider of an AVM Valuation.	rel:definition	1
portfolio benchmark	Security or other price against which the performance of the portfolio is evaluated.	rel:definition	1
term certificate of deposit	A Certificate of Deposit with a maturity duration of more than one year.	rel:definition	1
finite population	a population for which it is possible to count its units	rel:definition	1
current monetary amount	Monetary amount at the present time.	rel:definition	1
routing transit number	a unique nine digit identifier, used in the United States, to identify a banking or other financial institution to clear funds or process checks; the routing transit number, as it appears on a check, specifically denotes the banking institution that holds the account in which funds from the check are to be drawn.	rel:definition	1
basket of indices constituent	a single constituent of a basket of indices	rel:definition	1
partnership with corporate limited partners	A partnership with limited partners (partners whose liability is limited) and where those partners are necessarily non natural persons (i.e. cannot be individuals).	rel:definition	1
high price	The highest valuation over the period specified. this can be regarded as a derived price. See also note in LowPrice Difference: different rules used. May be mased on trade OR quote price Analytic or Price?? this is a derived type but with a much simpler rule.	rel:definition	1
offeree	a party that receives an offer from something from someone (i.e., an offerer) based on the terms of the offering	rel:definition	1
static cdo portfolio	A portfolio where collateral of the CDO is fixed through the life of the CDO. The reference assets are bought and then are kept untouched for the term of the product.	rel:definition	1
account holder	a party holding an account	rel:definition	1
financial instrument tax treatment	The treatment of the financial instrument for taxation purposes. This is the most general form of tax treatment for financial instruments, including cash.	rel:definition	1
relative date	a calculated date that is some duration before or after another date	rel:definition	1
relative date	A date defined in relation to some other date.	rel:definition	1
body incorporated with guarantee	Incorporated entity without share capital, and in which the liability of its members is limited to the amount each one of them undertakes to contribute at the time the firm is wound up.	rel:definition	1
date determination reference rule	A rule for determining a date or for making adjustments from a date determined by some means, to return another date, for example adjusting from a non working to a working date.	rel:definition	1
published future value	A value defined in advance in a schedule, as part of the bond terms in the prospectus. an example of this is a stepped coupon in a bond.	rel:definition	1
failure to pay principal	The failure by the Reference Entity to pay an expected principal amount or the payment of an actual principal amount that is less than the expected principal amount. Further notes: A credit event. ISDA 2003 Term: Failure to Pay Principal.' FpML full definition: 'A credit event. Corresponds to the failure by the Reference Entity to pay an expected principal amount or the payment of an actual principal amount that is less than the expected principal amount. ISDA 2003 Term: Failure to Pay Principal.'	rel:definition	1
debtor	a party that owes a debt	rel:definition	1
life analytic	Some measure of the life of a security, other than the actual time to maturity itself. This is a derived figure, based on certain parameters as appropriate to that type of instrument, to give a figure that is equivalent to and similar to the basic maturity of the instrument, for the purposes of analysing that security.	rel:definition	1
plz wibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for PLZ-WIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
trade	an agreement between parties participating in a voluntary negotiation and the exchange of goods and/or services for some consideration (e.g., desired goods and services that someone else possesses)	rel:definition	1
usd sibor sibo	the FpML floating interest index for USD-SIBOR-SIBO	rel:definition	1
dkk cibor dkna	the FpML floating interest index for DKK-CIBOR2-DKNA13	rel:definition	1
gbp libor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-6M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
energy flows delivery	Financial Transmission Rights.	rel:definition	1
semi annual reporting policy	Reports are presented twice a year.	rel:definition	1
mxn tiie banxico bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for MXN-TIIE-Banxico-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
institutional investor	an organization that trades large volumes of securities	rel:definition	1
entity controlling party	Some party which is able to direct the activities of some business entity.	rel:definition	1
call of issue	The calling back of an Issue of a Traded Security by the Issuer.	rel:definition	1
call event	an event associated with the call schedule for a debt instrument	rel:definition	1
fx forward transaction	A transaction in which cash is exchanged in two currencies at an agreed rate at an agreed date in the future.	rel:definition	1
fund processing terms	Formal terms for processing of the fund. These set out what the investor and the fund may or may not do. These include terms for redemption and subscription processing as well as general processing terms. ISO FIBIM definition: Processing characteristics linked to the instrument, ie, not to the market.	rel:definition	1
sicaf	A French fund vehicle type. Designation and definition needed.	rel:definition	1
jpy quoting banks libor	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-Quoting Banks-LIBOR	rel:definition	1
correlation leg terms	Definition needed. FpML refers to this but does not define its meaning. Correslation between two prices	rel:definition	1
credit rating agency	An entity which publishes Credit Ratings.	rel:definition	1
capital labor multifactor productivity value added	a ratio of a quantity index of value added to a quantity index of combined labor and capital input	rel:definition	1
transferable contract holder	a party that holds a transferable contract and enjoys the benefits defined in that contract while they hold it	rel:definition	1
multiple voting share	A share which confers upon the holder multiple voting rights.	rel:definition	1
property related activity	not sure if this is useful as a common class. Used for grouping of new activity terms around mortgage lending and propery purchase for now	rel:definition	1
index linked principal determination terms set	Terms for payment of the principal. These link the principal amounts to some underlying index or interest rate.	rel:definition	1
cash call option	Option to purchase cash at an agreed rate on an agreed date.	rel:definition	1
joint guaranty	Guaranty provided by two or more parties jointly and severally.	rel:definition	1
credit report category	a particular kind of credit report, often available from multiple vendors	rel:definition	1
fund unit holder	a party that holds some unit in a fund	rel:definition	1
cash closeout	Closeout of the contract in the form of the cash equivalent of the asset or commodity rather than the underlying asset or commodity itself.	rel:definition	1
currency spot mid rate	an indicative middle market (mean of spot buying and selling) rate as observed by the reporting source	rel:definition	1
fund units settlement terms convention	Default settlement terms which may apply to a fund, trading of for units in the fund and for redemption of fund units.	rel:definition	1
loan default proceeding status	The status of loan default legal proceeding at some point in time.	rel:definition	1
loss given default	The loss given some default.	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement termination provisions	Termination provisions in the OTC Derivatives Master Agreement, setting out the conditions, consequences etc. of termination of the Agreement.	rel:definition	1
loan default proceeding	[no definition] Further Review This is typically part of mortgagte servicing. THere would typically be a whole department dealing with this. Dealing with default, helping borrowers make payment Collections Default admin Foreclosure Reselling All dealt with by several sub departments. This requires subject matter experts in this area. 1. scoping Identify default as a possible state. This hands off to other business processes. Once you get into the default scenario we are talking about a proces that is going to fall into place over a period of time. The bank works out what to do with the default scenario, e.g. whether it restructures, forecloses, seeks restitution from the security (collateral). It does nto help us to understand the structure of the loan, rather tha consequences of the loan. If we were to further explore the default detail we would bring in other SMEs. And we would have to model a process flow. 1.1 impact on the pool of an MBS Loan Default Proceeding (special ase of legal thing) is an aspect of Default Management / Administratoin. there is also the State of the Loan. Sale / something / fulfilment / fiunduing / approved = servicing mode. Something happens (non payment) =&gt; Default Grace Period followed by negotiation. Some threshold whereby after a given amount of delinquency it needs to go into some other process moving towards foreclosure. Do State Diagram. Stages of loan.	rel:definition	1
commodity trading advisor	an individual or organization that directly or indirectly advises others as to the value or advisability of buying or selling futures contracts or options	rel:definition	1
collateralized obligation instrument	Pending further investigation. At present: CDO = issued against pool of securities MBS = issued against pool of individual debts (base loans) Action: identify if this is the case. Option 1: Model as it was; Option 2: Add a level of detail in between, whereby there is a pool of pools or some other such thing Option 3: this is a terminological thing only in that CDOs are never referred to as a parent of CMO for purely teerminological reasons as per ABS v MBS in which case we would add in a terminological layer.	rel:definition	1
product disclosure right	The right to information about products at the point of purchasing these.	rel:definition	1
currency specification term	Term defining the currency or currencies for payments.	rel:definition	1
corporate goal	A business goal in the furtherance of the aims and profitability of a corporation.	rel:definition	1
settlement convention	A convention for settlement of a trade or transaction.	rel:definition	1
interest payment action	Regular interest payment, only in cash, distributed to holders of an interest bearing asset. According to the terms of the issue, a bondholder may be able to elect the currency interest is paid in.	rel:definition	1
fully amortizing bond	Securities that return principal to investors throughout the life of the security are said to be fully amortizing. They are designed to closely reflect the full repayment of the underlying loans through scheduled interest and principal payments.	rel:definition	1
basis points	A basis point is a unit equal to one hundredth of a percentage point, or one part per ten thousand, 1/10000.	rel:definition	1
nzd bbr bid	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-BBR-BID	rel:definition	1
repo borrower	The borrower in the repurchase agreement.	rel:definition	1
floating rate note	A bond with a variable interest rate based on a published bank interest rate. The adjustments to the interest rate (coupon) are made periodically, usually on a quarterly or monthly basis, and are tied to a certain money-market index. Also known as a \"floater\".	rel:definition	1
equities basket index constituent	An index which makes up a part of a Basket.	rel:definition	1
point of purchase survey	a program conducted on a regular basis that provides information on purchases of various items and services by consumers	rel:definition	1
cad ba telerate	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-BA-Telerate	rel:definition	1
credit reporting agency	an organization that provides credit reports	rel:definition	1
legal holding restriction	a security restriction applicable to holding the security	rel:definition	1
calendar day type	When calculating the number of days between two dates the count includes all calendar days.	rel:definition	1
tranche non payment	Failure of a tranche of a tranched security to pay out. This may or may not be interpreted as a credit event.	rel:definition	1
base rate authority	an interest rate authority responsible for setting the base rate for a given currency, typically a central bank	rel:definition	1
marine finance contract	Contract embodying the terms under which a loan is advanced for marine finance.	rel:definition	1
european economic area branch	a branch of a credit institution authorised in another European Economic Area (EEA) country that has the right to passport its activities	rel:definition	1
valuation time type	The time of day at which the calculation agent values the underlying, for example the official closing time of the exchange.	rel:definition	1
date returned by trading date rule	a rule-determined date that is a published rule for defining the date returned by trading date	rel:definition	1
warrant exercise action	Option offered to holders to buy (call warrant) or to sell (put warrant) a specific amount of stock, cash, or commodity, at a predetermined price, during a predetermined period of time (which usually corresponds to the life of the issue). Fiurther Notes: Note this is the issuer offering the holders the opportunity to do this exercise, it is not the exercise itself - misnamed in SWIFT. SWIFT = EXWA	rel:definition	1
common interest development corporation	a not for profit corporation set up under specific state legislation as a business entity for homeowners' associations	rel:definition	1
in default	The issuer has failed to pay somthing that they are contractually obliged to pay.	rel:definition	1
quantitative amount	A measured amount of anything (material or time). This is an actual quantity of something rather than the abstract concept of the amount that something is of. Hence it is concrete not abstract.	rel:definition	1
allotment right	Privileges allotted to existing security holders, entitling them to receive new securities free of charge.	rel:definition	1
future instrument	Agreement to buy or sell a specific amount of a commodity, a currency or a financial instrument at a particular price on a stipulated future date. A futures contract obligates the buyer to purchase the underlying commodity, currency or financial instrument and the seller to sell it unless the contract is sold to another before settlement date which may happen if a trader waits to take a profit or cut a loss. Further notes: This contrasts with options trading in which the option buyer may choose whether or not to exercise the option by the exercise date. Unlike options, futures convey an obligation to buy. The risk to the holder is unlimited, and because the payoff pattern is symmetrical, the risk to the seller is unlimited as well. Dollars lost and gained by each party on a futures contract are equal and opposite. In other words, futures trading is a zero-sum game. Futures contracts are forward contracts, meaning they represent a pledge to make a certain transaction at a future date. The exchange of assets occurs on the date specified in the contract. Futures are distinguished from generic forward contracts in that they contain standardized terms, trade on a formal exchange, are regulated by overseeing agencies, and are guaranteed by clearinghouses. Also, in order to insure that payment will occur, futures have a margin requirement that must be settled daily. Finally, by making an offsetting trade, taking delivery of goods, or arranging for an exchange of goods, futures contracts can be closed. Hedgers often trade futures for the purpose of keeping price risk in check. Definition origin: Barrons, adapted by EDMC SMER.	rel:definition	1
loan balance	The outstanding balance on a loan at a particular point in time.	rel:definition	1
all borrowers monthly income	total monthly qualifying income for all borrowers on the loan	rel:definition	1
individual contact information	contact information for an individual	rel:definition	1
interbank bid rate	an interbank rate that is the interest rate at which participating banks are willing to borrow deposits from other banks	rel:definition	1
swap leg	terms defining and commitment to fulfill the future payment or cashflow requirements (e.g., interest payments, coupon payments, etc.) for one leg of a swap transaction	rel:definition	1
fixed interest amount	The Fixed Interest amount which is the parameter of the Expression. This is the only parameter in this expression.	rel:definition	1
base quantity	a quantity kind in a conventionally chosen subset of a given system of quantities, where no subset quantity can be expressed in terms of the others	rel:definition	1
nok nibor nibr reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for NOK-NIBOR-NIBR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
court appointed control	Control conferred on some entity by act of some court, for example in the context of receivership.	rel:definition	1
date roll rule	A rule to apply when a date returned by some date specification or parametric schedule specification results in a non working day.	rel:definition	1
credit message	a textual annotation on a credit report to notify a reviewer of special or exceptional information	rel:definition	1
equity voting rights terms	Terms setting out the voting rights of the Holder.	rel:definition	1
debt securities market maker	An actor which has the role of Market Maker in a given market.	rel:definition	1
derivative contract party	a party to a derivative instrument	rel:definition	1
default event	Event in which something is not paid that should be.	rel:definition	1
difference	a quantity by which amounts differ; the remainder left after subtraction of one value from another	rel:definition	1
functional business entity	a business entity defined in terms of its function	rel:definition	1
financial commitment counterparty	Some party with which the company has entered into some formal financial commitments.	rel:definition	1
equity index option otc contract	An option in which the underlyer is an equity index.	rel:definition	1
derivatives delivery physical	Delivery means physically delivering the underlying asset on the agreed date. Term in an options or futures contract which requires the actual underlying asset to be delivered upon the specified delivery date, rather than being traded out with offsetting contracts.	rel:definition	1
coupon strip notification	"THis will result in two securities where previously there was one. REVIEW: precise details for the relation between the stripped instrument and the traded interest and principal components (does one of the remain the same security, or are two new securities created and one retired?); also account for recombination. SWIFT full text: \""Coupon stripping is the process whereby interest coupons for future payment dates are separated from the security corpus that entitles the holder to the principal repayment.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
coupon strip notification	""Notification that the debt security is to be stripped, that is that interest coupons for future payment dates are separated from the security corpus that entitles the holder to the principal repayment."	rel:definition	1
eur euronia ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EURONIA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
draft document	A document which is self identified as being a draft for a later formal iteration of this same document as a formal document, formal contract or other formal document.	rel:definition	1
consumer	a person that is the ultimate user of a product or service	rel:definition	1
stub length	The length of the Stub Period as a temporal duration (a number of days).	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap eurex lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-3M EURIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
option contract on futures	Future options are the most common type of equity derivative. They provide the right, but not the obligation to trade a quantity of futures instruments at a set price at a future time.	rel:definition	1
brl cdi	the FpML floating interest index for BRL-CDI	rel:definition	1
lookback strike observable	The agreed parameter which is used in the formula for fixed OR floating lookback.	rel:definition	1
interest rate adjustment	"The SWIFT definition as given defines the notification of the interest rate change, not the adjustment. Adjusted to describe the event. REVIEW: Is this really an action? Usually consider that it's expected. Given definition was for the announcement. SWIFT full definition \""Announcement of the current coupon rate for a floating or adjustable rate security.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
interest rate adjustment	variable coupon bond	rel:relatesTo.13	1
interest rate adjustment	""Scheduled change to the coupon rate for a floating or adjustable rate security."	rel:definition	1
pooled fund	a pool of funds that a group of investors combines for common benefit	rel:definition	1
ffiec down prepay speed	Public Securities Association (PSA) speed used for the underlying collateral for cash-flow calculations in the \"down 300\" scenario.	rel:definition	1
tax withholding obligation	An obligation with regard to the payment of taxes.	rel:definition	1
bond pool	A pool investment consisting of a collection of Bonds.	rel:definition	1
international depositary receipt	Certificate which represent ownership of an underlying Equity.	rel:definition	1
regulatory rule	A rule which has compliance mandates backed by some Government, with associated lenalties.	rel:definition	1
skk bribor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SKK-BRIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
put action	The putting of some debt security back to its issuer by the holder	rel:definition	1
ethnicity	a category based on a cultural factors, including nationality, regional culture, ancestry, and language	rel:definition	1
chartered legal person	a legal person created by a royal charter or decree	rel:definition	1
account specific service agreement	a service-agreement that is account-specific, applicable in cases where a client holds multiple accounts with differing terms and conditions	rel:definition	1
monetary price	a price that that is expressed as a monetary amount	rel:definition	1
quote price	A price quoted for the purchase or sale of a security.	rel:definition	1
loan drawdown	An amount of money, drawn down by one party (the borrower) from a credit tranche made available by another party (the lender) at a specific point in time. Formal terms for the loan are defined in a Loan Contract.	rel:definition	1
licensee	a party to whom a license has been granted	rel:definition	1
licensee	The holder of a license such as a software license.	rel:definition	1
isk reibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for ISK-REIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
funds	monetary resources associated with a currency	rel:definition	1
securitized mortgage pool	A mortgage pool which is securitized as part of the issue of some mortgage backed security.	rel:definition	1
interbank rate	a reference rate that is the rate of interest charged on short-term loans between banks	rel:definition	1
eur tec cno	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TEC10-CNO	rel:definition	1
organization member	identifies that which has a membership role in some organization	rel:definition	1
securities regulation	a regulation codified in law specific to securities and investments	rel:definition	1
futures listing	A listing of a futures instrument on a derivatives exchange.	rel:definition	1
yield spread	the spread between the yields of two items	rel:definition	1
interest rate swap leg	the components specifiying an interest rate stream, including both a parametric and cashflow representation for the stream of payments	rel:definition	1
statistical population	a statistical universe filtered by time and region	rel:definition	1
floating rate note date rule	a business day adjustment rule applied to floating-rate note instruments	rel:definition	1
zero coupon bond	A debt security that doesn't pay interest (a coupon) but is traded at a deep discount, rendering profit at maturity when the bond is redeemed for its full face value.	rel:definition	1
synthetic cdo portfolio constituent	An instrument which is defined as a constituent of a synthetic pool of instruments. These are not holdings because they are not held, but in all other respects they are the constituents of the portfolio.	rel:definition	1
individual person credit rating	was Borrower Credit Rating	rel:definition	1
broker	any party that acts as an intermediary between a buyer and a seller, usually charging a commission	rel:definition	1
tender offer notification	"Generally, the objective of a tender is to take control of the target company. SWIFT whole text: \""Offer made to shareholders, normally by a third party, requesting them to sell (tender) their shares for a specified price usually at a premium over prevailing market prices. Generally, the objective of a tender is to take control of the target company.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
tender offer notification	""Notification of an offer made to shareholders, normally by a third party, requesting them to sell (tender) their shares for a specified price usually at a premium over prevailing market prices."	rel:definition	1
average earnings	a measure of the average wage an hourly or salaried worker makes in a given period of time	rel:definition	1
equity index option strike terms set	The strike price in respect of an index option transaction, is the level of the relevant index specified or otherwise determined in the transaction; This can be expressed either as a percentage of notional amount or as an absolute value.	rel:definition	1
cds party	Either party to a Credit Default Swap contract.	rel:definition	1
open end loan contract	a loan contract for a line of credit where a borrower may take money and pay it back up to an agreed limit, and interest is charged only on the amount that remains, which may be paid off at any time within the period of the line.	rel:definition	1
bank qualified tax exemption	Whether or not a municipal reasonably expects to issue in the calendar year of such offering no more than $10 million par amount of bonds of the type required to be included in making such calculation under the Internal Revenue Code.	rel:definition	1
idr semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
land parcel	Some parcel or subdivision of land.	rel:definition	1
nic registry entry	an entry in the the National Information Center (NIC) repository, a repository of financial data and institution characteristics collected by the Federal Reserve System	rel:definition	1
reference document	a document that provides pertinent details for consultation about a subject	rel:definition	1
catalog	a list of goods and/or services available for sale with their description and possibly prices, published as a printed or  electronic document (e-catalog)	rel:definition	1
security agreement	an agreement between two trading parties that contains information about their relative duties and rights regarding the disposition of a specified asset that has been used as collateral	rel:definition	1
offering	The process step of offering a security for issue. This is the making available of a new securities issue through an underwriting.	rel:definition	1
ordinary share	A security that represents ownership in a corporation. Holders of common share exercise control by electing a board of directors and voting on corporate policy.	rel:definition	1
neighborhood subdivision	A block or subdivision within some residential area, commonly designated sa such for the purposes of addressing and containing within it some streets and / or residential blocks.	rel:definition	1
usd libor bba	the FpML floating interest index for USD-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual currency basis swap rate tullett prebon	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Currency Basis Swap Rate-16:00-Tullett Prebon	rel:definition	1
option feature	Types of feature for an option. This itemizes whether the option comes into force (Knock In) or ceases being in force (Knock Out) when the stated event occurs.	rel:definition	1
document information	Information about a document which is not in the document.	rel:definition	1
otc derivative master agreement representation	Representations by one or other party in the Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
otc product	an over-the-counter derivative, made up of one or more transactions, with a corresponding contract or contracts	rel:definition	1
domestic ultimate parent	an organization that is recognized as the ultimate parent of a given company within the country or jurisdiction of incorporation; this relationship may or may not be present, i.e. in the case of a company that has no parent	rel:definition	1
date period	a time span over one or more calendar days, defined by at least two of three properties: (1) a start date, (2) an end date, and (3) a date period (duration); if more than one of these properties is missing, the DatePeriod is invalid	rel:definition	1
lender lien position	a category indicating whether the lender has the primary lien position	rel:definition	1
call option writing party	The Party which is the writer of the Call Option. This party has the obligation to transact as the Seller of the Option Underlying.	rel:definition	1
aud bbr aubbsw	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-BBR-AUBBSW	rel:definition	1
better or worse of assets payout commitment	A commitment to pay out on the best or worst of a number of assets.	rel:definition	1
dwelling capacity	a category indicating how many dwellings some property has	rel:definition	1
put option buyer	The Party which is the buyer of the Put Option. This party has the option but not the obligation to transact as the Seller of the Option Underlying.	rel:definition	1
organization name change	The issuing company changes it's name. Event shows the change from old name to new name and may involve surrendering physical shares with the old name to the registrar. SWIFT = NAME	rel:definition	1
credit report	a report describing the creditworthiness and related credit attributes of a borrower.	rel:definition	1
percentage value	A percentage value is a numeric value representing a rate, number, or amount in each hundred.	rel:definition	1
percentage value	the value of a percentage expressed as a number or ratio as a fraction of 100	rel:definition	1
commitment	A legal construct which represents the undertaking on the part of some party to act or refrain from acting in some manner.	rel:definition	1
share value increase notification	"May include a capital payout to shareholder. \nFurther Notes:SWIFT Full Text: \""Increase of the share capital. The face value of the single share is changed without modification of the number of shares in circulation. May include a capital payout to shareholder.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
share value increase notification	""Notification of an increase of the share capital. The face value of the single share is changed without modification of the number of shares in circulation."	rel:definition	1
calculation agent adjustment method	The calculation agent has the right to adjust the terms following a corporate event	rel:definition	1
financial holding company	a financial entity engaged in a broad range of banking-related activities, created by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999	rel:definition	1
issuer corporate action notification message	Notification of an action by the issuer of the security.	rel:definition	1
advice of possible action	Advice - action voluntary This includes a number of things, it's not always clear why these things are here.	rel:definition	1
urban consumer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the average change over time in the prices paid by urban consumers for a market basket of consumer goods and services	rel:definition	1
rub ruonia ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-RUONIA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
cashflow structure	The source of funds for the CDO is cashflow. this means that cash flows from collateral are used to pay principal and interest to investors.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle occurrence	a realization of a product lifecycle	rel:definition	1
financial product catalog	a catalog of financial products and/or services available for sale with their description and other product details	rel:definition	1
government minister	a person appointed or elected to a high office in the government	rel:definition	1
otc transaction	an over-the-counter transaction to exchange an instrument for some consideration	rel:definition	1
registration scheme	a scheme for organizing information and allocating identifiers to items in a registry	rel:definition	1
agricultural product	A commodity which is some agrigultural product, including grain, fruit and meat.	rel:definition	1
contractual capability	the capacity to enter into legally binding contracts	rel:definition	1
account	a container for records associated with a business arrangement for regular dealings or services (such as personal or professional services, banking)	rel:definition	1
best efforts offering	a securities offering that is sold on a best efforts, rather than firm commitment, basis, whereby investment bankers commit to doing their best to sell the securities offered, but do not assume the full risk of an underwriter	rel:definition	1
russian yield calculation method	The method used in determining Yield in the Russian markets. This is based on an effective yield with fundamentally different math. To give an example of the use of a different \"yield type\", we have Russia, which trades based on an effective yield. The price-yield math is fundamentally different. Notes Origin:Fidessa Uses a trade space and effective yield formula. MAy have same day types but different math.	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement early termination right	Right or one or other party to the Master Agreement to termination the Agreement early.	rel:definition	1
investment bank	a financial service provider that performs a variety of services. Investment banks specialize in large and complex financial transactions such as underwriting, acting as an intermediary between a securities issuer and the investing public, facilitating mergers and other corporate reorganizations, and acting as a broker and/or financial adviser for institutional clients.	rel:definition	1
equity future standardized terms set	A set of standard terms for equity futures contracts, as set out by the derivatives exchange. Equity Futures contracts issued by and traded on that exchange will take on these terms or override them.	rel:definition	1
loan property collateral	Property Assets pledged to a lender until a loan is repaid. Further notes: This provides one means by which some extension of finance (such as a loan, debt or equity issue) is under-written.	rel:definition	1
single coupon terms set	A set of coupon terms which remain the same through the life of the Bond. This is the default and is the case when there is not a Step Coupon or Conditional Coupon.	rel:definition	1
aud bbr isdc	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-BBR-ISDC	rel:definition	1
student loan active status	The status of the Student Loan at a given point in time, during the phase where it is active (the disbursement phase).	rel:definition	1
pool factor	How much of the original pool is still outstanding. This is a number below one. Expressed as percentage.	rel:definition	1
mbs deal prospectus	Prospectus describing the terms of the issue and each of the instruments included in the mortgage backed security issue. Term origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
constitutional de jure control	Control which is based in some instrument which has constitutional standing (is constitutive of the entity) such as voting shares, general partner equity etc.	rel:definition	1
agency mbs pool	A pool investment consisting of a collection of Agency MBS instruments.	rel:definition	1
borrowing capacity	an amount of money that an individual or organization can borrow	rel:definition	1
contract party	a party to the contract, that is a contractually capable person or organization which is a signatory to the contract, and which grants or concedes certain rights and obligations as defined in the contract	rel:definition	1
signatory capacity	the capacity of some natural person to sign agreements on the part of some organization or legal person	rel:definition	1
transaction party	Some entity which takes part in some transaction by receiving and/or parting with some item of economic value or some payment or both.	rel:definition	1
entity status	a lifecycle stage indicating the operational and/or legal status of an entity as specified in a given business registry for that entity	rel:definition	1
agreement corporation	a corporation chartered by a state to engage in international banking, so named because the corporation enters into an 'agreement' with the Fed's Board of Governors that it will limit its activities to those permitted	rel:definition	1
abs deal	The issue of a series of Cash Asset Backed Security certificates.	rel:definition	1
registration address	an address for an organization used to register that organization in any registry, such as its legal address, headquarters address, a local address used to obtain a license or pay taxes in some jurisdiction, etc.	rel:definition	1
credit curve to use	This is a working note from ongoing reviews.	rel:definition	1
credit report response	the act of responding to a credit report request	rel:definition	1
central counterparty clearing house	a clearing house that helps facilitate trading in derivatives and equities markets	rel:definition	1
static cdo	A CDO where collateral is fixed through the life of the CDO. The reference assets are bought and then are kept untouched for the term of the product.	rel:definition	1
cdo pool	A pool of CDO securities. The underlying of the CDO Squared is a pool of CDO instruments.	rel:definition	1
contingent obligation	Some obligation set out by some contract or by law, mandated upon some party.	rel:definition	1
private equity holding	A holding of private equity.	rel:definition	1
syndicated loan participation note	Loan Participation Note: A fixed-income security that permits investors to buy portions of an outstanding loan or package of loans. LPN holders participate, on a pro rata basis, in collecting interest and principal payments. Banks or other financial institutions often enter into loan participation agreements with local businesses, and also offer loan participation notes as a type of short-term investment.	rel:definition	1
fund bond class unit	A fund unit which takes the form of debt in that fund.	rel:definition	1
interest strip	A Debt Instrument which consists of the interest component alone, of a Debt Security.	rel:definition	1
informal organization	An organization which is not formally constituted in some way.	rel:definition	1
stake	The holding of some portion of some venture or something of value, by some party. The stake may be represented by some form of formal document such as a share or some debt unit.	rel:definition	1
oil delivery	Delivery of oil.	rel:definition	1
one vote per holder	Voting rights limited rights to one vote per person, or institution, to avoid any party taking control. Further notes: Not in ISO FIBIM selection. Identified from new article on UK building societies. Note that further types of voting rights can be defined any time in the prospectus for a new security. Original Article quotation: \"Adrian Coles, director general of the Building Societies Association, said it would be helpful if building societies could issue shares to investors to raise funds, but limit voting rights to one vote per person, or institution, to avoid any party taking control. Article Source:article on Profit Participating Deferred Shares in relation to West Bromwich Building society By Philip Aldrick,[citation missing], 12 June 2009	rel:definition	1
eur isda euribor swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00	rel:definition	1
commodity warrant exercise terms	Terms setting out how a commodity warrant may be exercised, including the form which delivery takes.	rel:definition	1
requirement	Something that must be done or refrained from	rel:definition	1
annualized performance determination method	Annualized performance determination.	rel:definition	1
instrument aggregate loan analytic	Parameters that describe some feature of loan pools or mortgage pools, aggregated and defined at the level of the instrument (i.e. the tranche or class of security within the issue).	rel:definition	1
portfolio manager	Person or entity responsible for day to day investment decisions for a fund or asset.	rel:definition	1
option premium payment arrangement	Premium Type for Forward Start Equity Options.	rel:definition	1
non rolling date	an explicit date that equates to a calendar date with no adjustments and with no reference to any date specification	rel:definition	1
ownership interest type	a category indicating the nature of the applicant's or borrower's ownership or leasehold interest in the land where the manufactured home is located.	rel:definition	1
mxn tiie banxico reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for MXN-TIIE-Banxico-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
try tryibor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for TRY-TRYIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
equity price quotation method	How a price is quoted.	rel:definition	1
apartment	A building subbdivision intended for habitation.	rel:definition	1
capitalization issue	A general kind of issue which increases the capital base of the company. Other kinds of issue: Like a Bonus Issue except that it would increase the capital. There could be several events which could be considered as Capitalization Issues. 25 May Later research: Scrip or Bonus issue is seen to be synonymous with this but more accurate. However, we question this - if you have the chance to purchase shares at a particular price (which is a right) would extend the definition of .. 20 July: this could have a broader meaning than Capital reserves Distribution It would include distribution of capital and trying to raise capital by additional capital injection Example: If the company issues bonds, that also changes the capital base. Now to change the capital base, there are two directions, up or down. Bonus issue falls into the above because you are increasing the capital base. A rights issue also increateses the capital base. Distributions of capital has the opposite effect. Paying out cash to reduce those items that are in your reserves. the reserves are greater than you need so you pay out cash on those. Labeling: capitalization implies the creation of capital so only suggests an increase the capital base	rel:definition	1
offering document	The type of document that is required to be sent in an Offering to make the securities in the Offering eligible at (for example) DTC.	rel:definition	1
fund processing general terms	Formal terms for general processing of the fund. These set out what the investor and the fund may or may not do.	rel:definition	1
simple return stream	A leg defining the returns on an underlying instrument, namely the interest payments on a debt instrument or the dividends on an equity.	rel:definition	1
active	Security is actively traded	rel:definition	1
supranational entity	a type of multinational political union where negotiated power is delegated to an authority by governments of member states	rel:definition	1
idr sbi reuters	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-SBI-Reuters	rel:definition	1
partnership equity	equity in some partnership	rel:definition	1
abs deal prospectus	Prospectus describing the terms of the issue and each of the instruments included in the asset backed security issue.	rel:definition	1
thb thbfix reuters	the FpML floating interest index for THB-THBFIX-Reuters	rel:definition	1
standards body	An organization dedicated exclusively to the propagation of standards.	rel:definition	1
property valuation	The activity whereby some real estats is valued by some agent, for some purpose (for example, for the purpose of granting or denoying a loan).	rel:definition	1
property inspection	the act of analyzing one or more aspects of a real property for independent assessment of status or deficiency	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor hkab	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-HIBOR-HKAB	rel:definition	1
cdo squared instrument	CDOs where the underlying asset pool is CDOs.	rel:definition	1
sole proprietorship	an unincorporated business owned by a single person	rel:definition	1
calculation agent	The entity which carries out the valuation of an underlying asset, or from which the valuation of the underlying is to be taken.	rel:definition	1
debt pool analytical parameter	A measure of some aspect of some pool of debt, such as a pool of loans or a pool of securitized debt products.	rel:definition	1
exchange offer notification	"Exchange offers are usually voluntary. Full SWIFT Definition text: \""Exchange offer; Capital reorganisation. Offer to shareholders to exchange their holdings for other securities and/or cash. Exchange offers are usually voluntary.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
exchange offer notification	""Notification of an offer to shareholders to exchange their holdings for other securities and/or cash."	rel:definition	1
reference sovereign bill	A Treasury Note or other sovereign debt the interest of which is used as a reference rate.	rel:definition	1
underlying issuer	A party which is the issuer of a Covered Warrant. This party is by definition the issuer of the underlying securities.	rel:definition	1
variable interest rate	an interest rate that is allowed to vary over the maturity of a loan or other debt instrument	rel:definition	1
capital distribution notification	Notification of an action in which capital of the issuing company is distributed.	rel:definition	1
warrant listing	The listing of a warrant on a securities exchange. Action: confirm whether all the facts shown for listing of tradable securities generally, apply to the listing of a warrant. Also determine whether any of the terms in Listing need to be specialized or added to for Warrant Listing.	rel:definition	1
usd cmt	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CMT-T7052	rel:definition	1
exchange traded equity index option	Equity Index options offer the investor an opportunity to either capitalize on an expected market move or to protect holdings in the underlying instruments. The difference is that the underlying instruments are indexes.	rel:definition	1
tradable debt instrument	a debt instrument that is also a security, i.e., that can be bought and sold by the holder	rel:definition	1
priority issue	Form of open or public offer where priority is given to existing shareholders due to limited amount of securities available in the offer. Shareholders can buy a type of security during a short period of time.	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-HIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
term deposit	A money deposit at a bank that cannot be withdrawn for a certain \"term\" or period of time. When the term is over it can be withdrawn or it can be held for another term. The longer the term the better the yield on the money. A certificate of deposit is a time deposit product.	rel:definition	1
credit extension	A service whereby credit is extended from the service provider to some party i.e. a borrower.	rel:definition	1
investment advisor	The party that provides investment guidance at a fee. Definition origin:EFAMA DD	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-ICAP	rel:definition	1
public shareholder	a shareholder that holds publicly issued shares in a listed company	rel:definition	1
floor determination	The Observable rate is to be subtracted from the Strike rate on the reset date, to determine the settlement amount. Floor: I am an investor and I am specifying the minimum return I will get for that investment.	rel:definition	1
primary investor	A party which becomes the primary investor in the issue, by purchasing some of the tranches of the issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
draft	A draft is a legally binding order by one party (the drawer) to a second party (the drawee) to make payment to a third party (the payee). A simple example is a bank check -which is simply an order directing a bank to pay a third party. The three parties don't have to be distinct. For example, someone might write himself a check as a simple means of transferring funds from one bank account to another. In this case, the drawer and payee are the same person. When a draft guarantees payment for goods in international trade, it is called a bill of exchange. A draft can require immediate payment by the second party to the third upon presentation of the draft. This is called a sight draft. Checks are sight drafts. In trade, drafts often are for deferred payment. An importer might write a draft promising payment to an exporter for delivery of goods with payment to occur 60 days after the goods are delivered. Such drafts are called time drafts. They are said to mature on the payment date. In this example, the importer is both the drawer and the drawee. Definition source: riskglossary.com	rel:definition	1
worst call date	The worst date on which the instrument might be called.	rel:definition	1
analytics calculation model	A model used for formal calculation of parameters.	rel:definition	1
usd treasury rate icap broker tec	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Treasury Rate-ICAP BrokerTec	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle stage occurrence	an instance of a phase in an occurrence of a given trade lifecycle	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle event	a kind of event that occurs during one or more stages of a product lifecycle	rel:definition	1
interest rate option	An option on some underlying interest rate. If the option is exercised, delivery is in the frorm of the corresponding interest rate future.	rel:definition	1
set of equity index constituents observable	An observable (underlying) which is made up of a set of constituents of an index.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap eurex lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-3M EURIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
lead manager	The manager of the syndicated loan is the party whic horganizes the potential lenders into a syndicate and arranges the details of the or any potential loan.	rel:definition	1
trust agreement	Formal agreement through which a trustor vests the ownership rights (title) to one or more assets to one or more trustees for conservation and protection on behalf of one or more beneficiaries of the trust. It normally states the (1) purpose for which the trust was established and fulfillment of which will terminate the trust, (2) details of the assets placed in the trust, (3) powers and limitations of the trustees, their reporting requirements, and other associated provisions, and (4) may also specify the trustees' compensation, if any. A trust agreement involving real estate requires its exact description and the trustor's express, written consent to create the trust to be valid. A will admitted to probate may also act like a trust agreement.	rel:definition	1
contractual restriction	contract terms setting out restrictions on either the holder or the issuer of the security, as specified in the terms of the instrument itself	rel:definition	1
bond insurance	Insurance on bond.	rel:definition	1
fund debt	Debt issued by a Fund.	rel:definition	1
allotment right formula	A formula used to calculate the number of securities for an Allotment Right, based on the number of these instruments that the holder holds. Conesnsus:Review	rel:definition	1
exchange options price	options prices types: Bid Ask There is also a bid/ask spread exchange will quote option price as a premium rate. e.g. I ill pay you 2% of face value of underlying trade. That turns into a price (Premium = face x that 2%). OTC uses volatility to get to premium value.	rel:definition	1
combined ltv ratio percent	the ratio of the total amount of debt that is secured by the property to the value of the property relied on.	rel:definition	1
draft tranche notes parameters	Draft of set of information defining the notes breakdown of one tranche. covers denominations and amounts that you can byu of the instrument in this tranche. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
construction loan credit facility tranche	A loan taken out for construction purposes. Further notes: These are a temporary loan. when the construction is finished then that loan is transformed to another loan, which would be a permanent loan. Information to follow on what the new permanent loan would be. Terms are adjusted in the new loan, since in construction loans the rates are significantly higher. This is an incentive to complete the construction works. Notes from PoC reviews, discussing Maximum Balance concept: In a Construction Loan you agree a maximum amount that you could draw. As you progress with the construction you continue to draw more and more. So you start with the minimum. Example: for purpose of construction of a house you could need to borrow up to 500K and the bank establishes the milestones at which certain amounts are made availalbe and can be drawn. For instance prior to start you might draw 10%, (50K); the next 50K would be available to draw only once the foundations are laid. And so on. Milestones may include \"Frame standing\" (for American-style frame based houses). Each stage requires inspection on behalf of the bank. So you are starting with no more than 10% (in this example) of what is allowable, and could arrive to the full 500K by the end of ths construction but it is not mandated that you arrive to that. What differentiates a Construction Loan is that there si a max amount specified and there are Milestones specified in which the amounts for each milestone can be advanced.	rel:definition	1
option volatility	A measure of the fluctuation in the market price of the underlying security. Mathematically, volatility is the annualized standard deviation of returns. More generally: A measure of stock price fluctuation. Mathematically the volatility is the annualized standard deviation of a stock's daily price changes	rel:definition	1
business center	a municipality where business is conducted, especially one that is considered a financial center	rel:definition	1
contractual date specification	The specification of a date in a contract.	rel:definition	1
household	an individual or small group of persons who occupy a housing unit (such as a house or apartment) as their usual place of residence, who pool some, or all, of their income and wealth and who consume certain types of goods and services collectively, mainly housing and food	rel:definition	1
tranched mbs primary deal transaction settlement process	The process by which the primary deal transaction is settled. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
fund management company	The party that sets up the fund, decides the investment strategy, appoints the agents, and is responsible for the promotion and the marketing of the fund. It makes all of the important decisions related to the fund. Also called fund promotor or fund sponsor or fund manager.	rel:definition	1
junior equity	The most junior class of equity issued by a company. On the event of the company being wound up, holders of this class of equity have a call on the assets of the company only after the more senior classes of equity.	rel:definition	1
skk bribor brbo	the FpML floating interest index for SKK-BRIBOR-BRBO	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
vostro account	Your account with us.	rel:definition	1
federal funds rate	a reference rate that is the interest rate at which a depository institution lends funds maintained at the Federal Reserve to another depository institution overnight	rel:definition	1
hkd honix ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-HONIX-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
price volatility specification	The specification of an option price in terms of its volatility, that being a measure of the variability of the price of the transaction over which the beneficiary of the option has control.	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs instrument	A security in which the cash flows from the underlying asset pool are passed through to the investor by way of redemption payments.	rel:definition	1
pac class	Planned Amortization Class tranche. PAC-2 refers to a support tranche that is given a scheduled payment structure like a PAC bond.	rel:definition	1
swap dealer	a financial service provider that holds itself out as a dealer in swaps; makes a market in swaps; regularly enters into swaps with counterparties as an ordinary course of business for its own account; or engages in any activity causing the person to be commonly known in the trade as a dealer or market maker in swaps	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
idr idma bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-IDMA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
party holding some option for control	Some party holding the option to exercise some de jure controlling interest	rel:definition	1
scheduled payment	a scheduled payment occurrence that is part of a payment schedule covering the term of the loan	rel:definition	1
swaption exercise procedrure	Procedure for the exercise of the Swaption.	rel:definition	1
information	Information in any of its forms.	rel:definition	1
certificate	Some formal written document prepared by some party which is typically regarded as an authority in the subject matter, setting out some formal position in respect of some other party, which may be used by that party as a point of reference about that subject matter to the world at large.	rel:definition	1
measured thing	Any Independent Thing. This is included as a separate term only so that we can refer to the trivial fact that all Independent Things have any number of properties, without cluttering the Independent Thing itself. This is for the modeling of reference entities. Note that the measurable quantity should be replaced with the actual parent property in all cases. DO NOT USE THIS TERM ELSEWHERE	rel:definition	1
registered address	a physical address used by an entity for registration purposes and where legal papers may be served	rel:definition	1
debt drawing notification	Redemption in part before the scheduled final maturity date of a security. SWIFT = DRAW	rel:definition	1
deliverable obligation	An asset which is to be delivered as settlement of a CDS deal.	rel:definition	1
partial defeasance action	"From Free dictionary: Both the borrower's debt and the offsetting cash or bonds are removed from the balance sheet. In securities trading, where a clearing house becomes counterparty to each side of a trade, after the trade has been agreed. This is necessary to facilitate netting, and reduce counterparty risk exposure. The term has become popular recently, because of the growth of central counterparty clearing services in European cash equities markets. Origin: http://financial-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/defeasance SWIFT: Term:PDEF; \""Partial Defeasance/Prefunding\"" Definition:\""Issuer has money set aside to redeem a portion of an issue and the indenture states that the securities could be called earlier than the stated maturity.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
partial defeasance action	""The setting aside by a borrower of cash or bonds sufficient to service the borrower's debt."	rel:definition	1
contract third party	someone who may be indirectly involved but is not a principal party to an arrangement, contract, deal, lawsuit, or transaction	rel:definition	1
ordinary dividend terms	Formal terms about the Dividend payments on an Ordinary Share.	rel:definition	1
memorandum	A semi-formal communication from one party to one or more other parties, communicating some information to them and identifying the fact that this has been communicated.	rel:definition	1
determination event	An Event in which some amount or other parameter is determined, independently of any other event in which that which was determined is put into use. For example, the event by which interest is determined, as distinct from the event by which interest is paid on a different date or time.	rel:definition	1
issued security issue information	Information about the Issuance of a Security, which is maintained throughout the life of the Security.	rel:definition	1
issued security issue information	"FIBIM: \""Elements relating to issue preparation/bringing to market (also known as primary market or Initial Public Offering (IPO) issuance) through to issue date.\""	rel:definition	1
issued security issue information	issue payment schedule	rel:hasPartiallyPaidIssuanceSchedule	1
issued security issue information	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
legally incorporated partnership member	""a party that is a member or partner in a legally incorporated partnership such as an LLC or LLP"	rel:definition	1
partnership with general partners	a partnership that has two or more general partners	rel:definition	1
debt securities issuance	SPV set up to issue debt instruments such as for structured finance.	rel:definition	1
usd isdafix swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-ISDAFIX3-Swap Rate-3:00	rel:definition	1
maturity	The period remaining until an instrument reaches the end of its life.	rel:definition	1
producer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the rate of change over time in the prices of goods and services bought and sold by producers	rel:definition	1
usd tbill secondary market	the FpML floating interest index for USD-TBILL-Secondary Market	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle stage occurrence	an instance of a phase in an occurrence of a given product lifecycle	rel:definition	1
commercial activity	the context of carrying out trade and other commercial, i.e., for-profit activities	rel:definition	1
branch	a part of a business organization or company, identified as a branch	rel:definition	1
non negotiable security	a security that is not transferable to another party	rel:definition	1
issued and securitized pool of individual debts	A pool of individual debts (such as loans or mortgages) which is securitized as part of the issue of some security.	rel:definition	1
usd cms reference banks icap swap px	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CMS-Reference Banks-ICAP SwapPX	rel:definition	1
settlement terms	contract terms that define the commitment to and mechanism for settling one or more sides of a transaction	rel:definition	1
all or none choice corporate action	A Mandator Corporate Action with some choice for the Holder, where the Holder's options are limited to all of the stated choices or none of them.	rel:definition	1
closed end loan contract	a loan contract that has an amount borrowed for a fixed amount of time, and is not considered open ended	rel:definition	1
redemption provision	a contract provision enabling the issuer (writer) to regain possession through repayment of some stipulated price	rel:definition	1
convertible preference share	A Preferred Share which is convertible into another security.	rel:definition	1
organization contact information	contact information for an organization	rel:definition	1
thb semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for THB-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
gas delivery	Delivery of fuel gas.	rel:definition	1
agency jump tranche	A Jump Z tranche is like a Z tranche but if there is some sort of trigger event reached then the holders of the Jump Z tranche will begin to receive payments. Regular non-Sticky Jump Z tranches maintain their changed status only while the trigger event is in effect, and revert to their old payment status once the trigger event has passed.	rel:definition	1
zar deposit reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-DEPOSIT-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
debt offer issue	An Issue of one or more debt securities, as all or part of an Offering of securities to the market.	rel:definition	1
mathematical quantity	Some mathematical quantity which is to be expressed in some way. This is not itself an expression.	rel:definition	1
quoted exchange rate	an exchange rate quoted at a specific point in time, for a given block amount of currency as quoted against another (base) currency	rel:definition	1
independent party	any person or organization capable of performing any business party role, such as an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a joint-stock company, a business trust, or an unincorporated organization	rel:definition	1
formal controlled document	A formal document which has applied to it some degree of formal control including version management, as defined within some pre-defined document control process.	rel:definition	1
formula	a general fact or rule expressed in letters and symbols; may consist of one or more expressions	rel:definition	1
national identification number	a number or text which appears on an identity document issued by a country or jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
controlled thing	thing over which some party exercises some form of control in some context	rel:definition	1
equal treatment right	The right to equal treatment under the law.	rel:definition	1
pac class	Planned Amortization Class tranche. Additional support tranche with scheduled payments.	rel:definition	1
current ordinary share dividend	Dividend at the present time.	rel:definition	1
thing in role	a thing-in-role is a relative concept that ties some thing to a role it plays in a given situational context	rel:definition	1
special purpose vehicle	A Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) set up specifically to issue a security or securities. It is set up by a company or a group of companies for some purpose such as to create instruments that are off the company's balance sheet or to issue Participation Notes for investors in another jurisdiction. The SPV is formed for a specific reason and exists for a specific period of time and is then disbanded. Further notes: Special Purpose Vehicles are also referred to as bankruptcy remote entities, as they isolate financial risk. For Participation Notes: slightly different purpose but the same kind of vehicle. The only investment made by the SPV is that they buy in the stock. These are the same kind of entity in all of the contexts in which they exist.	rel:definition	1
loan prepayment formula	The formula which embodies the model for loan pool prepayment speed.	rel:definition	1
report	a document organized in a narrative, graphic, or tabular form, prepared on ad hoc, periodic, recurring, regular, or as required basis	rel:definition	1
location	Anything that can be defined as the answer to a question of the form, Where is...?	rel:definition	1
loan age	The age of the loan.	rel:definition	1
option barrier feature event	An event which defines when an option feature comes into effect.	rel:definition	1
disbursement response message	Message conveying the response by a holder to some choice of disbursement method, as offered by the issuer in some corporate action.	rel:definition	1
tribal area	a designation for an area of land managed by a group of indigenous people (tribe) rather than by the sovereign state or regional governmental entity in which the tribal area is geographically located	rel:definition	1
equity valuation	The act of valuation of an equity underlying (share, basket or index) during the life of an OTC equity option or forward.	rel:definition	1
twd taibor bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-TAIBOR-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
meeting	A Management Event in which stakeholders meet one another either face to face or through some electronic or voice medium, in order to process some management activity (the Agenda).	rel:definition	1
mortgage collateral	Mortgage Debt Assets pledged to a lender until a loan is repaid. Further notes: This provides one means by which some extension of finance (such as a loan, debt or equity issue) is under-written.	rel:definition	1
loan borrower commitment	The commitment of a given borrower to be a borrower and to repay this loan.	rel:definition	1
jpy tsr reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TSR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
commodity forward contract	Definition needed.	rel:definition	1
regulation	a securities regulation defining an exemption through which corporations can issue unregistered securities to qualified foreign investors and foreign institutions	rel:definition	1
usd ois bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for USD-OIS-3:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
call action	Note this is an Issuer action.	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
lending commitment	Some commitment to enter into some lending arrangement at some point in the future.	rel:definition	1
prospectus	a formal, written offering document to sell securities that provides the facts an investor needs to make an informed investment decision	rel:definition	1
cds contingent delivery side	The settlement of a CDS deal in the event that the events specified in the Contingent Leg of the deal take place.	rel:definition	1
loan product	A pre-packed business offering, which can be instantiated as a Loan, in which the lender would lend an amount of money to a potential customer under agreed terms, which terms would be a formal contract expressing the terms defined in this Product and any other terms agreed bilaterally between the parties when the Product is instantiated.	rel:definition	1
loan product	a type of loan that a borrower may acquire from a lending institution with specific characteristics and terms	rel:definition	1
equity otc option transaction	A transaction which is defined in an equity options contract and which may or may not take place, at the discretion of the holder of the option. If it does take place, this will be a transaction for the purchase or sale of the equity underlying or some cash equivalent thereof, as defined in the option contract.	rel:definition	1
national security identification scheme	a security identification scheme, defining the format and structure of a National Securities Identifying Number (NSIN), published nationally on behalf of a country	rel:definition	1
text	the contents of an ordinary sequential file readable as textual material without much processing	rel:definition	1
instrument pool	a pool consisting of financial instruments that may be included in the same investment vehicle	rel:definition	1
usd cof fhlbsf	the FpML floating interest index for USD-COF11-FHLBSF	rel:definition	1
business agent context	A business process, work stream or other business area, in which various processes, actors, activities and so on are combined to achieve some business goal.	rel:definition	1
inflation bond interest payment terms set	Terms for the payment of interest on an Inflation Bond.	rel:definition	1
interest rate future	An Interest Rate Future is a futures contract with an interest-bearing instrument as the underlying asset.	rel:definition	1
pre approval request	a request from a potential borrower that a lender commit to pre-approving the borrower for a loan of up to a specified amount of money	rel:definition	1
instrumentality	an organization that serves a public purpose and is closely tied to a government, but is not a government agency	rel:definition	1
fully paid	Fully paid	rel:definition	1
stockholders rights instrument issuer	The party which is the issuer of a Stockholders Rights instrument.	rel:definition	1
loan pool	A number of loans, combined into a single pool and used as an asset.	rel:definition	1
fund coupon policy	Terms for the expected distribution of bond unit coupons.	rel:definition	1
de jure controlling interest party	An entity that may exercise de jure controlling interest	rel:definition	1
tender offer	Offer made to shareholders, normally by a third party, requesting them to sell (tender) their shares for a specified price usually at a premium over prevailing market prices. Generally, the objective of a tender is to take control of the target company.	rel:definition	1
equity	the value of an ownership interest in property, including shareholders equity in a business	rel:definition	1
aud semi annual swap rate bgcantor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-BGCANTOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
cbo instrument	A multitranche debt structure similar in some respects to a collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO) structure. Typically low-rated bonds rather than mortgages serve as the collateral. The organization creating and promoting the structure usually holds the underlying equity and may also collect a fee.	rel:definition	1
best offer	The lowest bid price for the stock up to the present time. Based on rules defined at the market, that determine how best bid and best offer are determined.	rel:definition	1
interpolated price	A price determined by interpolation between available price figures, using some algorithm or curve.	rel:definition	1
reporting policy	A policy relating to the provision of reports,	rel:definition	1
agricultural products delivery	Delivery of any agricultural produce.	rel:definition	1
constitutional contractual control	Some control set out in some contract among the principals of an organization.	rel:definition	1
exchange specific securities registry	a registry used by a securities exchange in managing the security identifiers and related information that it registers and manages	rel:definition	1
monies owing	A sum of money owed by one party to another party.	rel:definition	1
interest payment terms	contract terms for payment of interest on a debt	rel:definition	1
shareholding	Legal power of stockholders (shareholders) varies in proportion to their shareholdings. Typically, ten percent and below stockholding provides no protection. Fifteen percent stockholding may give the power to petition courts against changing the shares class rights. Up to 49.9 percent stockholding normally gives power to demand calling of an extraordinary general meeting. Fifty percent and over stockholding gives power to fire a director and force out minority stockholders by acquiring their shares as per the rules of the firm. Holder of 75 percent of the stock has the power to change the articles and memorandum of association and the firms name, reduce the share capital, allow the firm to buy its own shares from other stockholders, and to shut down the business. One hundred percent stockholding of course gives total power under the corporate legislation.	rel:definition	1
off the shelf product	a product that is readily available from merchandise in stock, or can be quickly and easily configured to order, not specially designed or custom-made	rel:definition	1
float float interest rate swap	an interest rate swap that exchanges cashflows based on two different floating interest rates	rel:definition	1
consumer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the change over time in the prices of consumer goods and services that households consume	rel:definition	1
equity claim	Needs to be unpicked Equity represents ownership in some venture. You own a piece of the assets of the venture, which gives you a claim on those assets. there is parallel to the discharging of obligations and rights in a transaction, in there here, the obligation/right continues to exist until or unless the venture is wound up.	rel:definition	1
eur tec reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TEC5-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
composite market	The market as a whole, i.e. one or more exchanges, a market (geographical) etc., about which prices and other derived facts may be quoted by market data vendors.	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor dtibor	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-DTIBOR01	rel:definition	1
consent denied	Vote not to approve the event or proposal. SWIFT: CONN	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-OIS-10:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
process role business entity	Some business entity that stands in some role.	rel:definition	1
icma yield formula	The calculation method specified by ICMA (formerly ISMA) for determination of yield for fixed-rate bonds.	rel:definition	1
rub annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-Annual Swap Rate-4:15-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
primary market	Issuance and primary market trading of new Traded Financial Instruments	rel:definition	1
financial instrument	Some financial contract or agreement, described in the context of its use in furthering some investment purpose. Explanatory Note: This is specific to its usage. The term \"Financial Instrument\" is frequently applied to the contract (as a thing), which might be put to such purpose, rather than to the instrument as it is used as an instrument, which is what is defined by this concept.	rel:definition	1
fcp	A French fund vehicle type. Designation and definition needed.	rel:definition	1
geometric mean	a mean that indicates the central tendency or typical value of a set of numbers by using the product of their values (as opposed to the arithmetic mean which uses their sum)	rel:definition	1
restructuring type scheme	The scheme which defines the restructuring type in a Restructuring credit event.	rel:definition	1
spot contract	A contract relating to a transaction which is for immediate settlement. Further notes: A spot transaction simply means a transaction in which some goods or currency are exchanged for some other goods or currency, with no future delivery provision. A Spot contract is the usually unwritten contract which by definition underlies that kind of transaction. Spot means for immediate settlement. Immediate here means the minimum number of days that are possible. This includes general retail transactions as well as the specialixed types of spot transactiojn foud in the financial services and treasury trading contexts, such as Fx Spots (a sub type of this) and commodity spot transactions. However the settlement date is still some time in the future. Also given different time zones, the settlement would be at some time in the future anyway Formerly a financial e.g. currency Spot would have been 2 (working) days settlement for example. Canadian v USD would be 1 day. Follows a settlement convention from the relevant market. Action: Add reference to Settlement Convention for the given market.	rel:definition	1
warrant	Financial instruments which permit the holder to purchase or sell back to the issuer a specified amount of a financial instrument, commodity, currency or other during a specified period at a specified price.	rel:definition	1
contractual definition	a contractual element that defines something in a contract or other legal instrument	rel:definition	1
loan retained amount	Retained amount, an amount the Issuer will be obliged to fund to the borrower at a later date, for example construction deposit.	rel:definition	1
rub annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
non binding terms	contractual commitments that do not have binding legal standing on the issuer or holder	rel:definition	1
payment arrangement terms	Terms covering other arrangements for payments such as paying scheduled payments early to be applied on the scheduled payment dates.	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm all banks	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-TIBM (All Banks)	rel:definition	1
trading registered security	A security which is traded on some trading venue.	rel:definition	1
business day adjustment	a convention that specifies what happens when a date falls on a day that is a weekend or a holiday in some business center	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual currency basis swap rate tullett prebon	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Currency Basis Swap Rate-11:00-Tullett Prebon	rel:definition	1
mathematical model	A model for determining one or more parameters or the behaviour of parameters with respect to one another.	rel:definition	1
fund capital gains distribution	Distribution of profits resulting from the sale of securities. Shareholders of Mutual Funds, Unit Trusts, or Sicavs are recipients of capital gains distributions which are often reinvested in additional shares of the fund.	rel:definition	1
managed interest rate	a variable interest rate charged by a financial institution for borrowing that is not prescribed as a margin over base rate but is set from time to time by the institution	rel:definition	1
option premium	The amount paid for an option.	rel:definition	1
input producer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the rate of change over time in the prices of inputs of goods and services purchased by the producer	rel:definition	1
secured loan	A loan which is secured by some security in the form either of collateral or of guaranty.	rel:definition	1
agency mbs issuer	The issuer of the pass through MBS is an Agency issuer. This is identified as being some kind of agency that is set up specifically to issue these instruments.	rel:definition	1
shares premium dividend payment	This corporate event pays shareholders an amount in cash issued from the shares premium reserve. It is similar to a dividend but with different tax implications. SWIFT = SHPR	rel:definition	1
physical item	Something you can touch.	rel:definition	1
non agency tranche	A tranche that does not receive payments while other tranches remain.	rel:definition	1
premium receiver	The party that receives the payments of an Equity Option Premium. FpML: 'A reference to the party that receives the payments corresponding to this structure.'	rel:definition	1
employment situation survey	a survey conducted on a regular basis that presents analytical information focused on the employment characteristics of a given statistical area	rel:definition	1
warrant issuer	The issuer of a Warrant. This is defined in terms of what individual entity is the issuer and also what other roles they may or may not play for a specific type of warranty, specifically whether or not they are also the issuer of the underlying, if the underlying is a security.	rel:definition	1
tribal entity	a legal entity that represents fundamental unit of sovereign tribal (indigenous) government	rel:definition	1
fixed payment leg	the terms for the fixed payment leg of a swap such as a dividend swap, or for any swap that has a fixed leg, including, for example, a single stock swap	rel:definition	1
cmo deal	An issue of Collateralized mortgaged Obligations.	rel:definition	1
forward transaction	A transaction in which one party commits at the present to delivery of something in the future.	rel:definition	1
detachment notification message	"Units may be broken up at the request of the security holder or based on market convention. Scope: See Attachment. SWIFT Full text: \""Separation of components that comprise a security - usually units comprised of warrants and bond or warrants and equity. Units may be broken up at the request of the security holder or based on market convention.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
detachment notification message	""Notification of separation of components that comprise a security - usually units comprised of warrants and bond or warrants and equity."	rel:definition	1
exempt offering	a public offering involving securities that are exempt from certain regulatory reporting requirements, either because the issuer is exempt or the transaction specific to the offering is exempt	rel:definition	1
economic indicator	a statistical measure of economic activity that is regular and comparable in the context of a statistical area (region), used for analysis of economic performance and predictions of future performance	rel:definition	1
tranched offering memorandum	The offering memorandum for a tranched MBS issue, setting out basic information about a future issue, for the information of prospective investors and their agents.	rel:definition	1
tranched offering memorandum	The Offering Memorandum will include or attach the terms for two or more individual tranches that will make up the issue, and the structure of the tranches, including how they will relate to one another (priorities and so on). Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
loan precedent conditions	Conditions which must be met before a loan may be approved.	rel:definition	1
letter of credit	A letter from a bank or other creditworthy institution setting out the holder's ability to access credit.	rel:definition	1
date time stamp	a combination of a date, a time, and a time zone	rel:definition	1
crime syndicate	An informal grouping formed for the purposes of organized criminal activities	rel:definition	1
financial instrument analytical parameter	Some measure of a financial instrument, that may be referred to in analysing or understanding that instrument for investment or risk management purposes.	rel:definition	1
corporate action	An event which has some effect on the details or terms of an issued Financial Security or on market perception of the value of that security.	rel:definition	1
application	a request submitted by an applicant to receive something (e.g. a licence, a loan, a membership) accompanied by documentation of pertinent information to determine whether the request should be granted	rel:definition	1
organized trading facility	a multi-lateral system which is not an RM or an MTF and in which multiple third-party buying and selling interests in bonds, structured finance products, emission allowances or derivatives are able to interact in the system in a way that results in a contract in accordance with the provisions of Title II of MiFID II	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-4:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
ratio	a proportional relationship between two different numbers or quantities, or in mathematics a quotient of two numbers or expressions, arrived at by dividing one by the other	rel:definition	1
drivers license	an official document which states that a person may operate a motorized vehicle, such as a motorcycle, car, truck or a bus, on a public roadway	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement element	Terms specific to a Master Agreement governing transactions of Over the Counter derivatives between parties.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor telerate	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EURIBOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
swap stream interest calculation schedule	parametric schedule of calculation dates	rel:definition	1
sgd sor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
interest rate authority	an authority responsible for the publication of some interest rate	rel:definition	1
obligation in respect of netting	Some obligation on one or other party in respect of any netting up of amounts due under a combination of transactions transacted under this Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
debt independently evaluated price	\"Evaluated Price\" is the price you get from the vendors.	rel:definition	1
formal document	A document which has some self-identified and defined formal status, usually but not necessarily within some pre-defined business process for document formalization.	rel:definition	1
legal restriction	A Restriction defined in a body of Law.	rel:definition	1
agency tranche	A tranche that does not receive payments while other tranches remain.	rel:definition	1
financial instrument global identifier registry entry	an entry in a Financial Instrument Global Identifier (FIGI) registry	rel:definition	1
fund reinvestment policy	Terms for the expected reinvestment of profits on fund units.	rel:definition	1
nzd swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-Swap Rate-ICAP	rel:definition	1
jpy annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
non tradable debt interest terms	contract terms for payment of interest on debt instruments that are not traded securities, i.e. over the counter, bilateral paper.	rel:definition	1
fund promoter	An entity that promotes a fund. May be an investor, pension fund, bank, insurance company or management company	rel:definition	1
fund investor	A party which invests in the Fund. It does this by holding some tradable unit (which represents some stake) in that fund.	rel:definition	1
thrift institution	an organization that primarily accepts savings account deposits and invests most of the proceeds in mortgages; savings banks and savings and loan associations and credit unions are examples of thrift institutions	rel:definition	1
security issuer	A business entity offering securities for sale to investors.	rel:definition	1
debt issuance program	A series of debt security issuances over time.	rel:definition	1
rights issue	Some issue of rights to holders.	rel:definition	1
restructuring type code	A textual code identifying the type of restructuring event in relation to some restructuring type scheme. This is information about the event rather than an aspect of the event itself, and is commonly identified in messages.	rel:definition	1
system of quantities	set of quantities together with a set of non-contradictory equations relating those quantities	rel:definition	1
percentage monetary amount	a measure of some amount of money expressed as a percentage of some other amount, some notional amount or some concrete money amount	rel:definition	1
owners equity	equity owned in some concern as recorded on the books of that concern	rel:definition	1
institutional person	a person that resides in an institution for some reason, due, for example, to hospitalization, rehabilitation, or incarceration	rel:definition	1
undertaking	Some undertaking to act.	rel:definition	1
financial future standardized terms set	A set of standard terms for financial futures contracts, as set out by the derivatives exchange. Financial Futures contracts issued by and traded on that exchange will take on these terms or override them.	rel:definition	1
contract principal	the party identified as being the principal or first party to a contract, in the event that the contract distinguishes any party as the principal	rel:definition	1
limited guaranty	A guaranty which is given up to a given amount or proportion of the loan. Generally specified as a monetary amount and is specified by the lender, so the bank may say 75% of valuation and they only have 60% of valuation available, to an additional limited guaranty would cover the missing 15% up to the point where the primary borrower's equity would meet the standard conditions of the loan. At that point the limited guaranty ceases.	rel:definition	1
price yield spread specification	The specification of a price in terms of the difference between the yield that an investor requires for an investment and the published yield on some reference instrument at that same point in time, such as a Treasury Note.	rel:definition	1
registration information	Information relating to the registration of a registered security.	rel:definition	1
equity reference index	a benchmark or reference index the constituents of which are exclusively equity securities	rel:definition	1
common law	Law developed by judges through decisions of courts and similar tribunals rather than through legislative statutes or executive branch action.	rel:definition	1
umbrella fund	Fund structure which has one or more investment pools.	rel:definition	1
power of attorney	Written legal authority given by one party (the principal) to another (the agent or attorney-in-fact) to act on the principals behalf. It may be a (1) General power Of attorney that authorizes the agent to act generally on behalf of the principal, or (2) Special power of attorney that is limited to a specific act or situation. Decisions made and actions taken by an attorney in fact (within the scope of his or her authority) are legally binding on the principal. A power of attorney can remain in force only so long as the principal is alive and does not become disabled or incapacitated. Although it is often conferred on the principals attorney, one does not need to be an attorney at law to be an attorney-in-fact.	rel:definition	1
country	a self-governing geopolitical unit that is recognized as a country by the United Nations	rel:definition	1
schedule	a collection of events or things that will be done and the dates and/or times when they will be done	rel:definition	1
business license	a license that allows the holder to conduct business or carry out a specific profession within some jurisdiction for some period of time	rel:definition	1
jpy annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-Annual Swap Rate-3:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
fund order desk	The Fund Order Desk is a party to the Fund Order Desk Account.	rel:definition	1
tranched mbs prospectus outline	An outline of the tranched prospectus, provind an intial representation of the possible tranches and their features. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
base metals delivery	Delivery of base metals.	rel:definition	1
trading status suspended message	Trading in the security has been suspended.	rel:definition	1
cds fee leg stream	Terms defining the fee leg in a CDS contract	rel:definition	1
broker dealer	any party in the business of buying and selling securities, operating as both a broker and a dealer, depending on the transaction	rel:definition	1
aud quarterly swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-Quarterly Swap Rate-ICAP	rel:definition	1
contractual element	general and special arrangements, provisions, requirements, rules, specifications, and standards that form an integral part of an agreement or contract	rel:definition	1
single settlement swap	A Swap Transaction which relates to some statistical measure of performance of the underlying.	rel:definition	1
date roll rule direction	The selection of possible directions in which to roll dates in a Date Roll Rule or in a Modify Convention Roll Rule.	rel:definition	1
distribution by reinvestment	Distribution by reinvestment in the same equity or fund.	rel:definition	1
securities issuance communication	A notice, statement, declaration, memorandum or other formal written communication in respect of some securities issue, sent out by or on behalf of the issuers of some intended securities issue.	rel:definition	1
securities issuance communication	A formal memorandum in respect of some securities issuance.	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs deal prospectus	The written prospectus for an agency, pass through issue of Mortgage Backed Securities	rel:definition	1
zero coupon terms set	Terms for payment of Interest on a Bond, where this pays a zero rate of interest.	rel:definition	1
duration description	The description of a Duration in terms of numbers of days, hours, years etc.	rel:definition	1
next put	The next available put date for the issue, as at the current time.	rel:definition	1
php semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for PHP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
timed duration specification	A period of time, determined at some point in time.	rel:definition	1
shareholder equity	The equity in the company in the form of shares.	rel:definition	1
when distributed	Used to refer to a security that trades after the date of issue but before the time at which the certificates are delivered	rel:definition	1
agency mortgage pool	A pool of agency mortgages.	rel:definition	1
numerical parameter	Anything which is defined as a parameter of something, and takes a numerical value.	rel:definition	1
interest rate derivative instrument	a rate-based derivative whose underlier is an interest rate	rel:definition	1
standardized index option terms set	Standard terms for an index option contract, determined in advance by the exchange. These will become terms of an individual index option contract. These may be varied or overridden for individual contracts.	rel:definition	1
trust fund manager	A trust fund manager acts on behalf of the Trustee to manage the assets of the Trust.	rel:definition	1
trader	an individual or organization or representative thereof that engages in the transfer of financial assets in any financial market on behalf of a client or the financial services provider	rel:definition	1
standards setter	An agent which acts to set standards such as message standards, programming standards and so on. This may in principal be any kind of business entity.	rel:definition	1
native yield	The yield of the security as determined using the Yield Calculation Method that is the default for the market that the security is traded in.	rel:definition	1
option strike terms	Contractual terms setting out the price or level at which the option is to be struck. FpML strike: 'Defines whether it is a price or level at which the option has been, or will be, struck.'	rel:definition	1
redemption schedule listing	Schedule for payments of defined amounts of the Principal on a Debt Security.	rel:definition	1
global ultimate parent	an organization that is recognized as the ultimate parent of the company; this relationship may or may not be present, i.e. in the case of a company that has no parent	rel:definition	1
currency strategy	Strategy which is currency based.	rel:definition	1
call date	Date on which the instrument may be called.	rel:definition	1
standardized terms set	a set of standardized terms, published by some body, and capable of being incorporated into a contract by agreement	rel:definition	1
distressed ratings downgrade	The fact that the rating of the reference obligation is downgraded to a distressed rating level. Further notes: From a usage standpoint, this credit event is typically not applicable in case of RMBS trades. A credit event. FpML full definition: 'A credit event. Results from the fact that the rating of the reference obligation is downgraded to a distressed rating level. From a usage standpoint, this credit event is typically not applicable in case of RMBS trades.'	rel:definition	1
legal document	a written or printed paper that bears the original, official, or legal form of something and can be used to furnish decisive evidence or information	rel:definition	1
capital surplus	Capital surplus is that amount which a firm raises in excess of the par value (nominal value) of the shares (common stock).	rel:definition	1
credit support default event	Failure of some Credit Support Agreement.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate month	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-3 Month	rel:definition	1
stockholm interbank offered rate	a daily interbank offered rate based on the interest rates at which banks offer to lend unsecured funds to other banks in the Swedish wholesale money market (or interbank market), without collateral, at different maturities; STIBOR is the average (with the exception of the highest and lowest quotes) of the interest rates listed at 11 a.m.	rel:definition	1
option strip contract	A strip or sequential set of options with periodic reset dates, such that each period between resets behaves like an individual option (known as a Caplet or Floorlet).	rel:definition	1
make securities available in market	What happens here? e.g. notices / marketing (phone calls) Structured Finance: There's not really notices in the newspaper, it's a very small market and it's all based on relationships so there's no public notice. So you would get an email from the sales person at the bank who has just closed the deal and is now selling these (this bank is the broker/dealer who bought it?) There's not really much of a secondary market - the initial investors would often hold on to these. There is something around Bloomberg - you can go there and see what's available, if someone has a number of notes from a iven tranche, that they are willing to sell. So there's no transpoarency (!!) Sales would be OTC but less transparent e.g. if you look up a normal OTC stock, you would be able to see more of this information, than in these (non Agency) MBS issues and other SF. DOES THIS APPLY IN ALL MBS??.	rel:definition	1
equity priority terms	Terms setting out the priority of a given class of Equity. These are the terms under which the holder of that class of equity has a call on the equity in the event of the issuing entity being wound up.	rel:definition	1
financial service	a service provided to consumers and businesses by financial institutions such as banks, insurance companies, brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, and investment companies all of which comprise the financial services industry	rel:definition	1
soft credit event	Soft default. This is defined by the event being repairable.	rel:definition	1
put premium	an amount over par that a debt instrument holder must pay to sell the security early	rel:definition	1
mutual savings bank	a financial institution that accepts deposits primarily from individuals and places a large portion of its funds into mortgage loans	rel:definition	1
legally delegated authority	a party having some legal control of some entity	rel:definition	1
subordinated cdo equity	The subordinated (also known as equity) CDO tranche is the most junior tranche in the CDO issue. If there are defaults or the CDO's collateral otherwise underperforms, scheduled payments to senior and mezzanine tranches take precedence over those to subordinated/equity tranches.	rel:definition	1
options greek	One of a set of measures about an option which is used to analyze the value or performance of that instrument.	rel:definition	1
person	a person; any member of the species homo sapiens	rel:definition	1
de jure control	control that is formalized in law, or codified in some legal instrument	rel:definition	1
issuer corporate action	Some corporate action initiated by the issuer of the Security. This is an action which is compulsory on the issuer of the security.	rel:definition	1
transaction processing goal	The goal of processing transactions in which the organization is engaged, without error and within the stated time constraints.	rel:definition	1
jpy bbsf bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-BBSF-Bloomberg-15:00	rel:definition	1
home equity line of credit	A credit line on a house or other property, that can be drawn down and/or paid back by the borrower.	rel:definition	1
time based plot	A comparison among several parameters, one of which is time.	rel:definition	1
share buyback offer	Issuer bid; Reduction of circulation shares; Reverse Rights. Offer by Issuing company to existing shareholders to repurchase the company's own shares or other securities convertible into shares.	rel:definition	1
structured name	A name with additional details besides simply being a string of text. This may include multilingual support or structuring of name content (as seen for example in financial securities names).	rel:definition	1
good	any tangible thing that is not money or real estate	rel:definition	1
cds cash settlement dealer	A party from whom quotations are obtained by the calculation agent on the reference obligation for purposes of cash settlement of a CDS.	rel:definition	1
asset type facet	Types od Derivatives contract classlfied by their underlying asset type.	rel:definition	1
delta	First derivative of option value with respect to theoretical price is a delta (or on a position). Theoretical price	rel:definition	1
tranche structure and termsheet	The termsheet with the terms for individual tranches is a separate component, known as the Tranche Termsheet or Individual Tranche Definitions. These may in practice be in one sheet or document deliverable but is a set of termsheets defining the terms for the set of tranches. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
tranche structure and termsheet	One sheet defining the MBS structure.	rel:definition	1
nmlsr id	the number permanently assigned by the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry (NMLS) for each company, branch, and individual that maintains a single account on NMLS.	rel:definition	1
bond exchange high price	The highest valuation over the period specified.	rel:definition	1
capital labor energy materials multifactor productivity	a ratio of a quantity index of gross output to a quantity index of combined inputs	rel:definition	1
exchange rate	a rate at which one currency can be exchanged for another	rel:definition	1
information event	A corporate event which is simply a notification about something. People may wish to respond	rel:definition	1
disbursement response	Response by a holder to some choice of disbursement method, as offered by the issuer in some corporate action.	rel:definition	1
financial instrument classification scheme	a classification scheme defining a particular classifier for a security, such as the ISO 10962 CFI classification scheme	rel:definition	1
twd taibor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-TAIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
restricted voting right	Restricted Voting. The holder has the right to vote but there are restrictions on these rights.	rel:definition	1
php phiref bap	the FpML floating interest index for PHP-PHIREF-BAP	rel:definition	1
payoff assets list	The list of n assets which are used to determine a best or worst value in determining conditinal payoff commitments.	rel:definition	1
requesting party	The party making some request.	rel:definition	1
canadian consumer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of changes over time in the prices of a fixed basket of consumer goods and services that Canadian private households consume	rel:definition	1
stock dividend	Dividend paid to shareholders in the form of shares of stock in the issuing company or in another company. Shareholder must take stock and is not offered a choice in the form of distribution.	rel:definition	1
precedence right	The rights of various parties in respect of the assets of some entity in the event of that entity being wound up.	rel:definition	1
credit facility type selection	Types of purpose for which a credit facility tranche may be set up or may exist.	rel:definition	1
ad valorem tax provision	A direct tax calculated according to value of property. Ad valorem tax is based on an assigned valuation (market or assessed) of real property and, in certain cases, on a valuation of tangible or intangible personal property. In virtually all jurisdictions, ad valorem tax is a lien on the property enforceable by seizure and sale of the property. An ad valorem tax is normally the one substantial tax that may be raised or lowered by a local governing body without the sanction of superior levels of government (although constitutional or statutory restrictions such as tax rate limitations may limit this right).	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor hibor	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-HIBOR-HIBOR=	rel:definition	1
identify conforming mortgage	Identify mortgage conforming to overall requirements for this issuer.	rel:definition	1
post merger securities exchange	Mandatory or voluntary exchange of an outstanding securities as the result of two or more companies combining assets. Cash payments may accompany share exchange.	rel:definition	1
timed value	The value of a dated parameter, at a stated point in the past, present or future.	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly quarterly swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-Quarterly-Quarterly Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
statistical universe	a collection representing the total membership, or 'universe', of people, resources, products, services, events, or entities of interest for some question, experiment, survey or statistical program	rel:definition	1
end of day market rate	a measure of the price level (value) of a given market rate of the end of the business day for a specific date	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor isdc	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-HIBOR-ISDC	rel:definition	1
last price	The last (or most recent) valuation. This is an actual trade price not a derived price MDDL	rel:definition	1
put notification provision	a provision of a put feature defining notification requirements	rel:definition	1
swaption contract	Option taken on interest rate swaps. These are FX interest rate option.	rel:definition	1
vwap	Volume Weighted Average Price determined by multiplying each trade by its volume then dividing by the volume for the day. MDDL	rel:definition	1
usd cof telerate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-COF11-Telerate	rel:definition	1
insurance policy	Some policy by which some party (directly or more usually through an intermediary who writes this policy) agrees to cover some risk as identified in this policy, on behalf of the holder of the policy. further Notes: Added specifically to cover financial instruments modeling of insurance backed Guaranty. This term would belong within a separate section of specialist insurance terms if there were such a section. Later notes: also relevant to Mortgage Indemnity Guaranty, taken out by Lender before pooling a mortgage into a security. This may even be what was intended by \"Insurance Backed Guaranty\" in the original FIBIM terms. To be determined at further review.	rel:definition	1
currency instrument	a financial instrument used for the purposes of currency trading	rel:definition	1
adult	a person who has attained the age of majority as defined by given jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
property usage	a category indicating the manner in which the borrower intends to utilize the property	rel:definition	1
currency spot buy rate	an indicative spot buying market rate as observed by the reporting source	rel:definition	1
swap strike terms	Formal terms defining the strike leg on a swap that has a strike leg.	rel:definition	1
economic contract	A contract relating to and governing an economic transaction between two parties.	rel:definition	1
float float cross currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap that exchanges cashflows based on two different interest rates in different currencies	rel:definition	1
myr quarterly swap rate tradition reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for MYR-Quarterly Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
equities statistical price	Analytics about prices, as determined by markets, exchanges or data providers.	rel:definition	1
issuance program	A series of issuances over time.	rel:definition	1
shareholder	An individual, group, or organization that owns one or more shares in a company, and in whose name the share certificate is issued.  It is legal for a company to have only one shareholder. Also called (in the US) stockholder.	rel:definition	1
stockholders rights instrument holder	A party which is the holder of a Stockholders Rights instrument.	rel:definition	1
loan early prepayment soft penalty terms	Early repayment penalty in the event of the loan being paid off in order to refinance with the same lender.	rel:definition	1
lei eligible entity	a legal person that qualifies to be assigned a legal entity identifier	rel:definition	1
known duration	The specification of a period of time. This is denominated in time units but is not a Date Time and so is not defined using \"Time\" or \"Date\". Instead it uses Temporal Units	rel:definition	1
spanish yield calculation method	The method used in determining annual yield in Spanish corporate bonds.	rel:definition	1
meat commodity	A commodity which is a kind of meat, such as pork bellies.	rel:definition	1
convertible participating preference share	A preference share that can be converted into common shares at a fixed conversion price. Preference or preferred shares entitle a holder to a prior claim on any dividend paid by the company before payment is made on ordinary shares.	rel:definition	1
bankruptcy event	Event in which a legal entity arrives at the legal status whereby it is unable to pay creditors.	rel:definition	1
brokerage account	an account offered by a broker that allows the investor to deposit funds and place investment orders	rel:definition	1
eur tam cdc	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TAM-CDC	rel:definition	1
credit rating issuer	An entity which publishes credit ratings for business entities and / or securities Further notes: This entity also defines the meanings (judgements) represented by each Ratings code as documented in the Credit Rating Scheme. .	rel:definition	1
jpy libor isda	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-LIBOR-ISDA	rel:definition	1
federal government	a union of states under a central government distinct from the individual governments of the separate states	rel:definition	1
collateral provider	Party which provides collateral for the Loan.	rel:definition	1
capital distribution	An action in which capital of the issuing company is distributed. Trem Orign:SME Reviews	rel:definition	1
extraordinary voting right	The right to vote at extraordinary meetings, as opposed to being able to vote at annual general meetings.	rel:definition	1
myr quarterly swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for MYR-Quarterly Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
municipal bond	A debt security issued by or on behalf of a state or its political subdivision, or an agency or instrumentality of a state, its political subdivision, or a municipal corporation. Municipal bonds, for example, may be issued by states, cities, counties, special tax districts or special agencies or authorities of state or local governments.	rel:definition	1
loan interest rate	This is also a timed variable with a present value and a time series of past values. What is it? A record of the rates that may have been charged in a variable rate loan. Therefore, this variable is the \"Interest Rate\" of the loan. It is a \"Dated Parameter\" - dates are taken care of in the upper mode of Variable Parameters.	rel:definition	1
public offering	an offering of securities for sale to the investment public, after compliance with registration requirements of the relevant regulatory authorities	rel:definition	1
deliver cash	commitment to deliver cash at the earliest available date as per settlement convention	rel:definition	1
usd annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
temporal entity determination	A Temporal Entity determination sets out how some Temporal Entity, currently unknown, is to be determined. For example, how a payment date or other event is to be determined at some point in the future, based on information prevailing at that future time.	rel:definition	1
registry	a system, typically an information system, that records the registration of items	rel:definition	1
collection	a grouping of some variable number of things (may be zero) that have some shared significance	rel:definition	1
collection	A set of things collected together for some purpose.	rel:definition	1
basis points value	one hundredth of one percentage point	rel:definition	1
money market debt instrument	Money Market Debt Instrument is a kind of short term debt security. This is defined as the logical union of all the securities that are commonly referred to as Money Market instruments.	rel:definition	1
instrument internal rate of return	The discount rate that results in a Net Present Value of zero for a series of future cash flows for the holder of the financial instrument.	rel:definition	1
cl clicp bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CL-CLICP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
ratio value	a proportional relationship specifically between two different quantity values that gives rise to a datum of a specific quantity type	rel:definition	1
financial product	a product provided to consumers and businesses by financial institutions such as banks, insurance companies, brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, and investment companies all of which comprise the financial services industry	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
real estate	land plus anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, sheds and other items attached to the structure	rel:definition	1
real estate	Land plus anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, sheds and other items attached to the structure. Explanatory Note: Although, media often refers to the \"real estate market\" from the perspective of residential living, real estate can be grouped into three broad categories based on its use, namely residential, commercial and industrial. Explanatory Note: Examples of real estate include undeveloped land, houses, condominiums, townhomes, office buildings, retail store buildings and factories. Scope Note: Bricks and mortar or land which can be owned.	rel:definition	1
issuance closing	The process of crediting the DTC participant account on settlement date with the position for the new issue. The overall closing process includes the exchange of funds that happens outside of DTC.	rel:definition	1
transaction undertaking	A contractually defined and established commitment to deliver some goods, perform some service or make some payment in cash or in kind.	rel:definition	1
commerce	the commercial activity of buying and selling goods	rel:definition	1
industry sector classification scheme	a system for allocating classifiers to organizations by industry sector	rel:definition	1
otc contract on future	An option contract with an underlying futures contract.	rel:definition	1
non incorporated partnership	a partnership in which the partners are jointly and severally liable for liabilities incurred by the entity	rel:definition	1
draft tranche termsheet	Draft of set of information defining one tranche of a tranched issue. This will become the termsheet of an individual tranche within that issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
controlling capacity	the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the thing which is controlled	rel:definition	1
offering document information	Information pertaining to the Offering Document but not forming part of it.	rel:definition	1
submitter	a party presenting something, such as a regulatory report	rel:definition	1
issuer identification number	a numbering system that allows a credit, debit, or other card to be identified as having been issued by a particular financial institution	rel:definition	1
hard credit event	Hard default. This is defined by the event not being repairable.	rel:definition	1
numeric ratio value	A numeric value representing a ratio between two other numeric values.	rel:definition	1
goal	a desired result that a person, organization or system envisions or plans, or to which it commits, in order to achieve a desired state	rel:definition	1
fx spot settlement commitment	"FpML exchangedCurrency2 referred to as a \""Currency Stream\""	rel:editorialNote	1
fx spot settlement commitment	""no definition"	rel:definition	1
legal system	Legal regimen of a country consisting of (1) a written or oral constitution, (2) primary legislation (statutes) enacted by the legislative body established by the constitution, (3) subsidiary legislation (bylaws) made by person or bodies authorized by the primary legislation to do so, (4) customs applied by the courts on the basis of traditional practices, and (5) principles or practices of civil, common, Roman, or other code of law.	rel:definition	1
aud swap rate reuters	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-Swap Rate-Reuters	rel:definition	1
average weekly earnings	a measure of the average weekly wage an employee makes over the reporting period	rel:definition	1
issuer formal offer	An action in which the issuer of the security makes a formal offer.	rel:definition	1
pac class	Planned Amortization Class tranche. PAC-1 is the most senior Planned Amortization Class tranche.	rel:definition	1
industry association	An organization which has membership drawn from members of some industry and acts to serve the interests of those members.	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois compound bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-OIS-COMPOUND-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
investment account	an account that provides a record of deposits of funds and/or securities held at a financial institution	rel:definition	1
neighborhood	Some residential area.	rel:definition	1
coupon periodic date series	Periodic dates on which Interest Payments are made.	rel:definition	1
municipal bond refund terms	terms related to the refunding process of municipal securities	rel:definition	1
public purpose	an objective that reflects values generally thought to be shared by and that is intended to benefit the populace as a whole	rel:definition	1
integer value	An integer value is a numeric value with that represents an Integer using an xsd:integer. Note that this class is not intended to be used directly (in these cases use xsd:integer) but is intended to be subclassed with values with business semantic intent.	rel:definition	1
principal underwriter	Principal underwriter of or for any investment company other than a closed-end company, or of any security issued by such a company, means any underwriter who as principal purchases from such company, or pursuant to contract has the right (whether absolute or conditional) from time to time to purchase from such company, any such security for distribution, or who as agent for such company sells or has the right to sell any such security to a dealer or to the public or both, but does not include a dealer who purchases from such company through a principal underwriter acting as agent for such company. Principal underwriter of or for a closed-end company or any issuer which is not an investment company, or of any security issued by such a company or issuer, means any underwriter who, in connection with a primary distribution of securities, (a) is in privity of contract with the issuer or an affiliated person of the issuer; (b) acting alone or in concert with one or more other persons, initiates or directs the formation of an underwriting syndicate; or (c) is allowed a rate of gross commission, spread, or other profit greater than the rate allowed another underwriter participating in the distribution.	rel:definition	1
service provider	a party that provides and typically provisions professional services, such as consulting, financial, legal, real estate, education, communications, storage, or processing services, to other parties, typically defined in a service agreement	rel:definition	1
asian exercise commitment	Commitment to pay out on an option on the basis of a rolling average strike, which the other party may or may not choose to exercise against.	rel:definition	1
native yield calculation method	The convention used in the marketplace for that security.	rel:definition	1
cash and securities response	"SWIFT: Term:\""Cash and Securities\"" Definition:\""Election choice includes a distribution of both cash and securities to holders.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
cash and securities response	""Response is to take a distribution of both securities and cash as offered."	rel:definition	1
in default loan	Formal notice served.	rel:definition	1
vote against management	Vote against management.	rel:definition	1
debt yield to worst	Yield to the worst case of when the instrument might be called.	rel:definition	1
jpy ltpr mhcb	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-LTPR-MHCB	rel:definition	1
inflation factor subject	The Left Hand Side of the Formula, giving what is being expressed in terms of the Right Hand Side. This is the Inflation Bond Factor.	rel:definition	1
right	entitlement (not) to perform certain actions, or (not) to be in certain states; or entitlement that others (not) perform certain actions or (not) be in certain states Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy	rel:definition	1
market data provider	a publisher that publishes data about the financial markets	rel:definition	1
equity based de jure control	De Jure controlling interest in an entity which is based on the holding of some form of equity in that entity.	rel:definition	1
inflation bond factor	The factor which is used in determining the principal on an inflation bond. This is used either in calculating the interest payments, in calculating the principal payback or more typically both. Further notes: This is a dated parameter, that is it varies over time.	rel:definition	1
lifecycle event occurrence	a realization of an event in a stage of a lifecycle	rel:definition	1
religious law jurisdiction	A Jurisdiction in which some system of religious law is in force.	rel:definition	1
participation note issuer	The party which is the issuer of a Participation Note.	rel:definition	1
product identifier	an identifier for a product	rel:definition	1
cny quarterly repo non deliverable swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-Quarterly 7 day Repo Non Deliverable Swap Rate-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
bylaw	Corporate bylaws are typically called Articles of Association in the United Kingdom, or Articles of Incorporation in the United States. In government usage, the term bylaws is used to describe laws, orders, regulations, rules, etc., made by a ministry, local authority (a municipality, for example), or public corporation, in accordance with the powers conferred by or delegated under a statue (called the parent act).	rel:definition	1
non agency sticky jump tranche	\"Sticky\" Jump Z tranches maintain the payment priority of a Jump Z tranche until they are retired.	rel:definition	1
issue payment schedule specification	no definition	rel:definition	1
debt yield to maturity	The internal rate of return an investor would achieve if he or she purchased that bond at its current dirty price, and held it to maturity, assuming all coupon and principal payments are received as scheduled.	rel:definition	1
swap lifecycle event identifier	an identifier that uniquely identifies a specific event in the lifecycle of a swap	rel:definition	1
loan appraiser	That party which appraises the borrower for the purposes of the loan.	rel:definition	1
gbp sonia ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-SONIA-OIS-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
public record	a record about an action involving a party that is publicly available from court or other government agencies	rel:definition	1
bond coupon interest terms	Terms for payment of Interest on a Bond. These include terms for determining interest amounts, and terms for dates on which those amounts are to be paid.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
post box	A PO Box.	rel:definition	1
underlying on future	The item (commodity, reference, index, instrument etc.) that determines the value of the Futures contract and in most cases forms the deliverable when the contract expires.	rel:definition	1
floating interest rate	a variable interest rate that is based on a specific index or benchmark rate	rel:definition	1
published price as rate spread	A debt instrument price quoted or defined in terms of a spread of that instrument's price with reference to some reference rate. The reference rate may be either a market interest rate such as an IBOR or the rate of interest on some reference instrument.	rel:definition	1
legislature	the law-making body of a political unit, usually a national government, that has power to enact, amend, and repeal public policy	rel:definition	1
jpy libor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
nok nibor nibr	the FpML floating interest index for NOK-NIBOR-NIBR	rel:definition	1
usd cms reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CMS-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
best bid	The highest bid price for the stock up to the present time. Based on rules defined at the market, that determine how best bid and best offer are determined.	rel:definition	1
instruction message	A message which embodies some instruction.	rel:definition	1
debt spv	A Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) set up specifically to issue a debt security or securities. It is set up by a company or a group of companies to create instruments that are off the company's balance sheet.	rel:definition	1
agency sticky jump	\"Sticky\" Jump Z tranches maintain the payment priority of a Jump Z tranche until they are retired.	rel:definition	1
security cashflow status	The status of the cashflow due to the holder from the security.	rel:definition	1
population not in labor force	a subset of the civilian, noninstitutional population, that is considered neither employed nor unemployed by the reporting agency during the reporting period	rel:definition	1
voting response	Some response to a voting activity.	rel:definition	1
status	The standing of some thing within some lifecycle or process.	rel:definition	1
price ratio specification	The specification of a price in terms of some ratio to the face value of the item, expressed as a percentage. Security price per Hundred.	rel:definition	1
funds processing	The context of managing and processing funds, issuing funds units etc. This is the context in which the different parties involved in a fund are defined as parties.	rel:definition	1
accrual	the process of accumulating interest or other income that has been earned but not paid	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-OIS-10:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
bond	A debt security, in which the authorized issuer owes the holders a debt and, depending on the terms of the bond, is obliged to pay interest (the coupon) and/or to repay the principal at a later date, termed maturity. It is a formal contract to repay borrowed money with interest at fixed intervals.	rel:definition	1
eur tec reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TEC10-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
total controlling interest company	an organization having 100 percent ownership one or more organizations it holds voting shares in	rel:definition	1
home equity line of credit pool constituent	A line of credit defined as a constituent of a Home Equity Line Of Credit Pool.	rel:definition	1
equity portfolio	A portfolio which has at least 85% exposure to shares.	rel:definition	1
issued and securitized non agency mortgage pool	A non agency mortgage pool which has been securitized as part of a tranched Mortgage Backed Security.	rel:definition	1
economic news release	published statistical information that is about economic indicators and possibly other economic news	rel:definition	1
mean price determination	Exchange closing price may take an average (mean) price.	rel:definition	1
statutory authority	Some organization which is an authority created and mandated in statute law for some purpose e.g. reporting.	rel:definition	1
commodity physical delivery	The physical delivery of some commodity at some agreed point in the future.	rel:definition	1
debt instrument buyback notification	Notification of an event where det securities are bought back by the issuer.	rel:definition	1
strategy	A plan, method, or series of maneuvers or stratagems for obtaining a specific goal or result.	rel:definition	1
clearing bank	a commercial bank that facilitates payment and settlement of financial transactions, such as check clearing or facilitating trades between the sellers and buyers of securities or other financial instruments or contracts	rel:definition	1
securities transaction option	The option itself, that is the right but not the obligation to proceed with a transaction at some time in the future under terms defined in the option contract. This option is held and exercised by the party to the contract which is defined as the option holder or option buyer.	rel:definition	1
master agreement change notification obligation	The obligtaion to notify the counterparty to this agreement, of any changes in details.	rel:definition	1
debt security price	The price of a Debt Instrument at some point in time.	rel:definition	1
fund reporting terms	Terms describing the accounting methods and reporting arrangements used by the fund.	rel:definition	1
new money purpose	Securities Issued for new Project or Purpose.	rel:definition	1
commitment to report	a commitment obliging a party to deliver a report	rel:definition	1
debt terms	contract terms that specify the formal rights and obligations of borrower and lender under a contract in which funds are lent from the one party to the other	rel:definition	1
cosigner	Someone who commits to fulfil the obligations of the Borrower in the event that the Borrower defaults on the loan.	rel:definition	1
bid ask spread	Spread: Range between Bid and Ask	rel:definition	1
mandatory corporate action	An event where there are no choice on the part of the Holder.	rel:definition	1
base metal	Any metal which is not precious.	rel:definition	1
timed parameter	A numerical parameter which may be expected to vary over time, and will therefore have values for different times past, persent and future.	rel:definition	1
tax reclaim activity	We dont' have detailed information on what kinds of activities there are, but there may be a broad range of these. For instance, may be giving the issuer's location, or the rules for tax reclaims. Different rules exist. May set the rules on each action. For instance, It versus Fr, different rules. The CA notificaiton may be setting out the rules on each tax reclaim. Example: Aus: Issuer may make declaration to tax department, that securities are widely issued, this has some effect on withholding etc. Countries may have standing rules fo rreclaims, but may be special rules at an issue action level for large issue action. this would go out as a message (notification) using this message code. Similar to VAT in Canada - as an individual you pay VAT and reclaim it when you leave the country. Fill out a form etc. Then they send the VAT back. Conclusions: A general activity of Tax Reclaim - not formally modeled, just iterated here; notification which is the SWIFT message notoification type.	rel:definition	1
balance sheet liability balance	A balance sheet entry representing some asset of the entity.	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm banks	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-TIBM (10 Banks)	rel:definition	1
voting share	A share which confers upon the holder some voting rights.	rel:definition	1
linear payout commitment	The commitment to pay out on a straight vanilla option.	rel:definition	1
idr sor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-SOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
fund unit	A unit in a fund, which may be traded and is a contract between the fund and the holder of that unit.	rel:definition	1
change of state event	Some event relating to some change of state.	rel:definition	1
commodity swap contract	Definition needed.	rel:definition	1
register security	After the deal is closed the security is formally registered with some registraton authority This is the \"official\" bit - there is not a separate \"Issue\" activity which is official ?????	rel:definition	1
floating rate note date	a calculated date associated with a floating-rate note, also known as a floater or FRN, which is a debt instrument with a variable interest rate	rel:definition	1
individual tranche definitions	In reality there is one termsheet that has sets of information for the terms for each Tranche. This class of information identifies the terms of one tranche, but it does not exist as a separate document in its own right. Further Notes ? We may need to firm up the relationship between the individual tranche termsheet and the information about the relationships among these (some of which are quite complex) and the terms that are common to more than one tranche. In practice these may be separate sections of one document. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
escrow agent	An agent which acts in escrow for the delivery of some Deliverable Obligation in the context of some CDS contract.	rel:definition	1
industry model convention	Standard conventions which exist in the public domain but are not enshrined in an existing ISO Standard are defined in this model and published as such.	rel:definition	1
jurisdiction	the limits or territory within which authority may be exercised; the power, right, or authority to interpret and apply the law	rel:definition	1
delinquency borrower facts	Facts about the borroewr in the event of some delinquency.	rel:definition	1
addressing scheme	a system for allocating addresses to objects	rel:definition	1
bond exchange low price	The lowest valuation over the period specified. Possibly but not necessarily based on a trade. Determined by the trading venue as to whether it's based on a trade or an offer. this can be regarded as a derived price. Price is based on a riule whil will cause one to pick a certain price type.	rel:definition	1
registration authority	a formally constituted organization and legal entity that is responsible for maintaining a registry and provides registration services	rel:definition	1
payer	a party who pays a bill or fees	rel:definition	1
cdo portfolio manager	The portfolio manager for a managed CDO or arbitrage CDO (also called an asset manager). This assumes that the role is the same in both cases.	rel:definition	1
company law	Legislation under which the formation, registration or incorporation, governance, and dissolution of a firm is administered and controlled.	rel:definition	1
mortgage pool constituent	Amortgage defined as a constituent of a Mortgage Pool.	rel:definition	1
commitment to pay	a commitment obliging one party to make a payment to another party (e.g. to fund a loan, make payments, pay origination fees)	rel:definition	1
municipal debt remarketing agent	The municipal securities dealer responsible for reselling to investors securities (such as variable rate demand obligations and other tender option bonds) that have been tendered for purchase by their owner. The remarketing agent also typically is responsible for resetting the interest rate for a variable rate issue and may act as tender agent	rel:definition	1
obligation acceleration	One or more of the obligations have been declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event other than failure to pay	rel:definition	1
observable value	a value for something that can be observed in the marketplace	rel:definition	1
day of week	a business recurrence interval that indicates a specific, recurring day of the week	rel:definition	1
bond principal repayment terms set	Terms for the repayment of the Principal on a Bond security.	rel:definition	1
virtual address	an address identifying a virtual, i.e. non-physical location	rel:definition	1
offering	an expression of interest in providing something to someone that is contigent upon acceptance, forbearance, or some other consideration, as desired by the offeree(s)	rel:definition	1
securities basket constituent	a security identified as a component of a basket of securities	rel:definition	1
listing status delisting message	Security is no longer able to comply with the listing requirements of a stock exchange and is removed from official board quotation.	rel:definition	1
monetary authority	a regulatory agency that controls the monetary policy, regulation and supply of money in some country or group of countries	rel:definition	1
jpy isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate-15:00	rel:definition	1
mandatory corporate event process	Mandatory corporate event: Action requires an action by the shareholder Corporate action event initiated by the corporation. Participation by shareholders is mandatory (for those relating to shares).	rel:definition	1
agent for service of process	a registered agent (person or organization) designated by a business entity, such as a corporation, to receive legal correspondence on behalf of the business entity in the jurisdiction in which the agent's address is located	rel:definition	1
market rate	a measure that is also published financial information providing a rate used to measure market trends for a set of instruments (S&P500, NASDAQ composite, 30 day CD) or that describes the economic climate for an industry (Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), H&Q Growth Technologies) and/or political region (LIBOR, Prime)	rel:definition	1
coupon regular period	The regular periodic component of a coupon schedule.	rel:definition	1
spv purpose	The reason for the creation of a Special Purpose Vehicle.	rel:definition	1
bond maturity registrar	The person or entity responsible for maintaining records on behalf of the issuer that identify the owners of a registered bond issue. The trustee under a bond contract often also acts as registrar.	rel:definition	1
payment schedule	schedule for delivery of money in fulfillment of an obligation, such as a coupon payment schedule, loan payment schedule, interest payment schedule	rel:definition	1
valuation	a measurement to assess the value of something expressed in some currency	rel:definition	1
code set	A system of valid symbols that substitute for specified values, e.g., alpha, numeric, symbols and/or combinations	rel:definition	1
coupon stub period duration	The Stub Period as a temporal duration.	rel:definition	1
rights issue notification	Notification of some issue of rights to holders.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
debt issue prospectus	The prospectus for the debt issue, describing the terms of the issue and each of the instruments included in the debt issue. Term origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
conversion terms	contract terms specifying when and how a security may be converted to another security (usually of the same issuer)	rel:definition	1
property collateral valuation	A valuation of the collateral Real Property to support the Property collateral Arrangement	rel:definition	1
simple guaranty	No definition	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle occurrence	a realization of a trade lifecycle	rel:definition	1
business day convention	a convention that enumerates the possible ways to handle a date that falls on a weekend or holiday	rel:definition	1
otc transaction party	a party to an over-the-counter agreement	rel:definition	1
trading status active message	Trading in security has commenced or security has been re-activated after a supsension in trading.	rel:definition	1
fixed basket	a basket of goods and services whose quantity and quality are held fixed for some period of time	rel:definition	1
commercial finance company	a finance company that makes loans to manufacturers and wholesalers, secured by accounts receivable, inventories, and equipment	rel:definition	1
certificate of participation	An instrument evidencing a pro rata share in a specific pledged revenue stream, usually lease payments by the issuer that are typically subject to annual appropriation. The certificate generally entitles the holder to receive a share, or participation, in the payments from a particular project. The payments are passed through the lessor to the certificate holders. The lessor typically assigns the lease and the payments to a trustee, which then distributes the payments to the certificate holders.	rel:definition	1
temporal entity definition	How a temporal entity is defined. This may be in terms of a simple definition (like a date), a specification that unambiguously specifies the temporal entity, or a method for determing a date, instant or interval such that it is not known now but can be determined at some future time. The different ways that an instant or interrval can be determined, are themselves different kinds of Thing (Measures, Specifications or Methods) and therefore this class of Thing is a union of those possible ways of specifiying a temporal entity, and not a kind of Thing in its own right.	rel:definition	1
holding right	The right to hold a thing	rel:definition	1
contractual template product	a contractual product that is finalized through specification of values for parameters defined in a template	rel:definition	1
savings bank	a banking institution organized to encourage thrift by paying interest dividends on savings; savings banks can have state and federal affiliations, for example, State Savings Banks and Federal Savings Banks	rel:definition	1
pool backed securities deal	The issue of a series of Pool Backed Security certificates. These are (at least in this context) securities issued backed by a pool of individual loans, mortgages or other individual loan products.	rel:definition	1
asian exercise terms set	Terms governing the exercise of an Asian Option.	rel:definition	1
articles of incorporation	proxy	rel:definition	1
articles of incorporation	The articles of association are a contract (1) between the members (stockholders, subscribers) and the organization and (2) among the members themselves. It sets out the rights and duties of directors and stockholders individually and in meetings. Certain statutory clauses (such as those dealing with allotment, transfer, and forfeiture of shares) must be included; the other clauses are chosen by the stockholders to make up the bylaws of the organization. A court, however, may declare a clause ultra vires if it is deemed unfair, unlawful, or unreasonable. A copy of the articles is lodged with the appropriate authority such as the registrar of companies. Articles are public documents and may be inspected by anyone (usually on payment of a fee) either at the premises of the organization or at the registrar's office. Lenders to the organization take special interest in its provisions that impose a ceiling on the borrowings beyond which the organization's management must get shareholders' approval before taking on more debt. The usual American term is articles of incorporation.	rel:definition	1
worst call date determination	The determination of when the call identified as the Worst Call would take place. This consist of some means by which that date is determined and a date on which that date is deemed to be the Worst Call date.	rel:definition	1
buyer	a party that acquires, or agrees to acquire, ownership (in case of goods), or benefit or usage (in case of services), in exchange for money or other consideration under a contract of sale	rel:definition	1
firm commitment offering	a securities offering whereby the underwriter purchases the securities outright for their own account	rel:definition	1
variance	a measure of spread, calculated as the average squared deviation of each number from the mean of a data set	rel:definition	1
debt security interest amount	The amount of interest paid out on a debt security at a given point in time.	rel:definition	1
temporal measure	A measure of description of time	rel:definition	1
security offering type	The way in which a Securities Issue is offered.	rel:definition	1
otc fx product	An OTC Product for foreign exchange, whereby two or more currencies are transacted.	rel:definition	1
partnership incorporated by equity	a partnership incorporated via the issuance of equity, with limited partners (i.e., partners whose liability is limited) that are necessarily not natural persons (i.e., cannot be individuals)	rel:definition	1
security holding	a (tradable) security held in a portfolio	rel:definition	1
employment status	Possible employment statuses for adult human beings.	rel:definition	1
cny pbocb reuters	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-PBOCB-Reuters	rel:definition	1
inr cmt	the FpML floating interest index for INR-CMT	rel:definition	1
twd twcpba	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-TWCPBA	rel:definition	1
delinquent loan	A loan which is an active loan (in Repayment phase), which is in default.	rel:definition	1
derivatives broker	A party which is party to the transaction between entities which are not on the Derivatives Exchange. The Broker is then also a member of the Exchange (see Trading PArticipant), and in this context is the one who carries out the deals on the exchange, and who settles his margin daily. These may poarticipate in the OTC market also, where they just get a fee for introdiucing them. In formal exchanges, the Broker is doing th edeal, and the fact that the deal is passed on to others is a separate transaction, which they are also party to.	rel:definition	1
money weighted rate of return performance determination method	Money weighted rate of return.	rel:definition	1
reporting obligation	An obligation to report to some entity about some matter.	rel:definition	1
rights distribution	The distribution of rights to shareholders, in proportion to their equity holding.	rel:definition	1
bankers acceptance	A Draft where the drawer and drawee of the draft are distinct parties and the drawee is a bank.	rel:definition	1
plz wibor wibo	the FpML floating interest index for PLZ-WIBOR-WIBO	rel:definition	1
typical duration	The maturity of the CP instrument, as a typical, known duration.	rel:definition	1
usd treasury rate swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Treasury Rate-SwapMarker99	rel:definition	1
share value change action	Event in which there is some change to the value of Shares.	rel:definition	1
daily average market rate	a measure of the overall price level of a given rate, calculated as the sum of all values of the rates for a particular reference rate, foreign exchange rate, lending rate, or other market rate divided by the total number of rates collected over the course of a twenty-four (24) hour period for a specific date	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap eurex lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-3M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
tranched draft prospectus	The draft prospectus for a tranched Mortgage Backed Securities issue, as determined by the issuing entity prior to marketing the issue. Certain terms in the draft prospectus will be finalized later in the issuance process to become the actual Prospectus. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
eur tec cno swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TEC10-CNO-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
inflation factor expression	How the Formula is expressed i.e. the Right Hand Side of the Formula.	rel:definition	1
organization part identifier	an identifier allocated to a particular organizational sub-unit	rel:definition	1
trade identifier	an identifier for a trade	rel:definition	1
security delivery response	"SWIFT: \""Distribution of securities to holders.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
security delivery response	""Response is to take the securities"	rel:definition	1
web page	A document published on the World Wide Web and accessible via a Universal Resource Locator.	rel:definition	1
loan purpose selection	A selection of different types of loan purpose, being the purpose for which and manner in which loan (credit) draw-down amounts are to be used. This shows the purpose for which credit is to be used, and implies certain kinds of fact that relate to that specific type of loan e.g. mortgages. These are also identified as tranche types in tranches of a credit facility.	rel:definition	1
gross domestic product	an economic indicator representing the broadest measure of aggregate economic activity, measuring the total unduplicated market value of all final goods and services produced within a statistical area in a period	rel:definition	1
mutual contractual agreement	a contract between two or more specific named parties; the rights and obligations pertaining to either party cannot be transferred to another party without prior written permission or a change to the contract itself	rel:definition	1
bond fixed coupon	Mechanism whereby an investor receives income from interest payments, which are usually made periodically. These are for a fixed amount.	rel:definition	1
asset class	a financial instrument classifier for a group of securities that exhibit similar characteristics, behave similarly in the marketplace and are subject to the same laws and regulations	rel:definition	1
jump trigger event reversal	The reversal of the event which triggers the Jump Z	rel:definition	1
realized variable leg	Leg which relates to some statistical measure of performance of the underlying.	rel:definition	1
notional place	an abstract place; one of many commonly understood concepts such as domestic, Eurozone etc.	rel:definition	1
consumer credit requirement	Requirement set out on the lender about how they must treat the appliction to a loan	rel:definition	1
hybrid cdo	A CDO which combines features both of the cash and synthetic CDO. This is a CDO with tranches of cash and tranches of synthetic underlying assets. Further notes: So for example an issiue of $550 million may have $500 million in an asset pool and an additional $50 million created via a synthetic asset.	rel:definition	1
home equity line of credit contract	A credit line on a house or other property, that can be drawn down and/or paid back by the borrower.	rel:definition	1
put event	an event associated with the put schedule for a debt instrument, i.e., an event involving the 'put', or surrender of the instrument by the holder	rel:definition	1
php phiref bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for PHP-PHIREF-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
cashflow formula	a formula for determining cashflows for a derivative instrument	rel:definition	1
next call date	The next date on which the issue can be called, from the present date.	rel:definition	1
aud libor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-17097	rel:definition	1
pricing model	The model used in the Price Model Specification.	rel:definition	1
fund data provider	A party which supplies market data to a fund.	rel:definition	1
known date	A date which is explicitly known i.e. a calendar date.	rel:definition	1
analytical information	Information about some item at some time past, present or future. This takes the form of some measure about the thing being analyzed; the measure will have some values at different times as shown in the Math grammar for dated parameters.	rel:definition	1
calendar temporal unit	A Temporal Unit (measure of time) which is to be found in a regular calendar, i.e. a day, month etc., as distinct from units with additional parameters such as business days.	rel:definition	1
published end of day price	A price published by a market data vendor at the end of the trading day.	rel:definition	1
participation note	A tradable note issued by an entity for sale in a jurisdiction other than the one in which the entity is registered, and based on the holding by that entity of underlying securities issued in the jurisdiction in which that entity is registered.	rel:definition	1
czk annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for CZK-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
non issuer corporate action announcer	The announcer of an event which is not the issuer of the security that the event is about.	rel:definition	1
bond future standardized terms set	A set of standard terms for bond futures contracts, as set out by the derivatives exchange. Bond Futures contracts issued by and traded on that exchange will take on these terms or override them.	rel:definition	1
sgd sor telerate	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
volatility	a statistical measure of the rate of change in pricing for a given security or market index	rel:definition	1
active loan status	Status of a Loan which is in the Disbursement phase.	rel:definition	1
government department	a specialized organization responsible for a sector of government public administration	rel:definition	1
contract counterparty	in the event that a contract identifies either party to that contract as being the principal, this is the other party to that contract	rel:definition	1
bonus share plan distribution	Event in which shares are issued from the Share Premium Reserve of the company and are considered as a capital distribution rather than a disbursement of income, with different tax implications. SWIFT Definition (adapted above) \"Typically found in Australia, shares are issued from the Share Premium Reserve of the company and are considered as a capital distribution rather than a disbursement of income, with different tax implications.\" To be researches further. There are certainly Share Plans in Australia, where you can take a dividend as shares. Thewse would be in the nature of Bonus Shares. They are a tradeoff from cash dividends. Other terms to model: A \"Scheme of Arrangment\" - does this change the capital reserves or is it just another word for restructure. An arrangement with the company's debtors, and coule potentially change the capital base by converting the debt to shares (see other diagram note with these in).	rel:definition	1
hmda covered loan contract	a closed-end mortgage loan or open-end line of credit that is not an excluded transaction for HMDA reporting under US section 1003.3(c) of the Revised Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 2015	rel:definition	1
contractual controlling party	A party which exercises some control which is set out in some contract.	rel:definition	1
inr mitor ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for INR-MITOR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
purposive thing	Something described in terms of its purpose or potential purpose. Editorial Note: That which fulfils this role is generally taken to be some kind of Independent Thing However it is conceivable that the existence of some relative thing, for example an asset, may itself be put to a purpose over and above the role or context already defined for it, and wholly dependent on it being that relative thing and not siply a thing in itself. therefore the identity relationship is modeled with a range of Thing, but is modeled as a separate relationship to that of Relative Thing in order to make this conclusion explicit. This relationship need not be used in operational application ontologies as it adds no new logical assertion.	rel:definition	1
incapacitated adult	an adult who is legally identified as not having legal capacity, typically as a result of some inherent physical or mental incapacity or as a result of having contracted some illness which temporarily deprives them of such capacity	rel:definition	1
mid price	Mid (arithmetic mean) between Bid and Offer (Ask) price. Referred to in Europe not in US. e.g. LSE published a Mid price. Always an exchange that publishes. Question from editor: Can a Mid Price ever be an allotted price? Suspect not. Same question for Dealt Price.	rel:definition	1
third party corporate action	Some action initiated by some third party to the security, i.e. not the issuer.	rel:definition	1
promised cash flow asset	An asset which takes the form of some promised future cashflow. This may be securitized.	rel:definition	1
financial instrument classifier	a standardized classifier for a financial instrument based on its type	rel:definition	1
weekday	A day during the week, as a temporal unit.	rel:definition	1
basket of equity indices	A basket of indices which are all equity-only indices.	rel:definition	1
nok nibor oibor	the FpML floating interest index for NOK-NIBOR-OIBOR	rel:definition	1
holder disclosure	An action by a holder to voluntarily disclose some information. Examples: ENRON Disclosure rules. This is an action by the Holder on discovery of their legal requirement. Is there an Issuer action If so there may be an Issuer action asking for such disclosure. Or this may not exist since at the time of the action the Issuer should know all this. Conclusion: From a CA viewpoint specifically, the Disclosure would be from the holder.	rel:definition	1
option payout commitment	Commitment by the issuer to pay out on an option should the holder choose to exercise this.	rel:definition	1
designated contract market	an exchange, trading system, or platform that enables listing for trading futures or option contracts based on any underlying commodity, index or instrument	rel:definition	1
usd libor libo	the FpML floating interest index for USD-LIBOR-LIBO	rel:definition	1
sek stibor bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for SEK-STIBOR-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
canadian producer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the change over time in the prices of a fixed-basket of domestic producer goods and services	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs final prospectus	Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
foreign exchange option transaction	Define option as a wrapper. Done on a spot txn, but could logically be others. Adds the right whether or not to go into that.	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement obligations terms	Terms setting out the obligations on one or other party to the agreement.	rel:definition	1
current population survey	a survey conducted on a regular basis that presents analytical information related to the general population of a given statistical area with respect to labor force, employment, unemployment, persons not in the labor force, hours of work, earnings, and other demographic and labor force characteristics	rel:definition	1
depositary receipt issuer	The party which is the issuer of a Depository Receipt in some jurisdiciton.	rel:definition	1
expression	a finite combination of symbols that are well-formed according to applicable rules	rel:definition	1
option premium expression	The formal expression of the Option Premium.	rel:definition	1
role	A role is a set of connected behaviours, rights, obligations, beliefs, and norms as conceptualised by actors in the context of some situation.	rel:definition	1
chf annual swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-Annual Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
property valuation historical information	Valuation of the property at some point in time.	rel:definition	1
futures index underlying	An economic rate which is the underlying of a Futures contract.	rel:definition	1
tax withholding liability	Obligation in respect of liability for tax. This defines whether or not the party which is required to deduct some tax payment and does not do so, is then entitled to receive the funds from the other party in the event that a liability for this tax is later assessed against the first party.	rel:definition	1
rub annual swap rate tradition reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-Annual Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
regional sovereignty	the legal person that corresponds to an administrative division, administrative unit, administrative entity or country subdivision (or, sometimes, geopolitical division or subnational entity), that has the capacity to incur debt, issue contracts, and enter into relations with other similar entities	rel:definition	1
measurement instrument	An instrument whose purpose is to measure some variable, for example in some physical process.	rel:definition	1
not for profit corporation	a corporation approved by its jurisdictional oversight and taxing authorities as operating for educational, charitable, social, religious, civic or humanitarian purposes	rel:definition	1
bond offer issue	An Issue of one or more Bonds, as all or part of an Offering of these bonds to the market.	rel:definition	1
share option entitlement	The entitlements to the holder of a single share option, comprised in an option contract or transaction supplement.	rel:definition	1
universal loan identifier	a unique identifier given to unequivocally identify a specific mortgage loan.	rel:definition	1
dividend reinvestment	Dividend payment where cash dividend is rolled over into additional shares in the issuing company.	rel:definition	1
unit investment trust	an investment company which (a) is organized under a trust indenture, contract of custodianship or agency, or similar instrument, (b) does not have a board of directors, and (c) issues only redeemable securities, each of which represents an undivided interest in a unit of specified securities; but does not include a voting trust	rel:definition	1
formally constituted organization	Any organization with some formal contractual agreement among its principals	rel:definition	1
aud libor bba bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
fixed strike terms	Contractual terms setting out a fixed, pre-agreed price or level at which the option is to be struck.	rel:definition	1
issue over allotment terms	Terms for Change to an Issue Amount. A provision in an underwriting agreement, which allows members of the underwriting syndicate to purchase additional shares at the original price.	rel:definition	1
bank account	an account held or provided by, as a service, a bank	rel:definition	1
weighted average coupon	The weighted-average gross interest rates of the pool of mortgages that underlie a mortgage-backed security (MBS) at the time the securities were issued. A mortgage-backed security's current WAC can differ from its original WAC as the underlying mortgages pay down at different speeds. In the weighted-average calculation, the principal balance of each underlying mortgage is used as the weighting factor	rel:definition	1
strike price specification	The strike price for the option is the agreed price for the transaction if this takes place. Applies to all options types. Action: Make sure that's there for all Options types.	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap eurex lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-6M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
tranched mbs issue underwriter	The party which agrees to buy any certificates that are not bought by investors Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
periodic date series	A series of dates at regular intervals.	rel:definition	1
contract	a voluntary, deliberate, and legally binding agreement between two or more competent parties	rel:definition	1
autonomous agent	An agent is an autonomous individual that can adapt to and interact with its environment.	rel:definition	1
date determination	The determination or adjustment of some date according to some rule.	rel:definition	1
partnership with general and limited partners	a partnership having both limited partners and general partners	rel:definition	1
debt conversion terms	Contractual specifications when a Convertible Bond can be converted to another security (usually of the same issuer).	rel:definition	1
fund supervisory authority	The legal entity which supervises the fund or fund industry	rel:definition	1
secured loan contract	a loan contract that is secured by some collateral	rel:definition	1
control related contract	A contract in which one party agrees to confer some degree and type of control upon the other party to that contract.	rel:definition	1
fund unit holding	A holding of a unit in another fund.	rel:definition	1
equity observable	An equity underlying component, which can be either a single equity asset, an equity index, or a custom basket of equity assets.	rel:definition	1
insurance company	a non-depository institution whose primary and predominant business activity is the writing of insurance or the reinsuring of risks underwritten by insurance companies, and that provides compensation based on the happening of one or more contingencies	rel:definition	1
eur eonia average	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-AVERAGE	rel:definition	1
bond issuance program	A series of bond issuances over time.	rel:definition	1
second home loan	A loan which may be used for a vacation home or second home used for personal reasons.	rel:definition	1
usd annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
yield calculation formula	The formula used in determining the Yield.	rel:definition	1
interest payment in kind	Interest payment, in any kind except cash, distributed to holders of an interest bearing asset. SWIFT = PINK	rel:definition	1
pacpo tranche	Planned Amortization Class principal only tranche.	rel:definition	1
bond default notification	Notification of non payment of interest or non payment of debt principal when due.	rel:definition	1
usd overnight bank funding rate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Overnight Bank Funding Rate	rel:definition	1
loan maturity	THe length of time from the present until the loan or mortgage matures, that is the date when the last of the principal is paid off along with all interest.	rel:definition	1
basis swap	a swap in which payment streams are referenced to different bases	rel:definition	1
grd athibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for GRD-ATHIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
limited partner equity	equity in a partnership held by limited partners; this is not accompanied by any liability capability on the part of the holders of this equity.	rel:definition	1
option strip reset schedule	Schedule of dates on which the Option Strip rate is determined and reset.	rel:definition	1
unilateral commitment	A commitment made by one party without reference to the party to which the commitment is made.	rel:definition	1
debt	an obligation to pay something, such as an amount of money, good, service, or instrument	rel:definition	1
date specification	The specification of a Specified Date.	rel:definition	1
forward contract adjustment method	Method by which adjustments will be made to the forward contract should one or more of a number of extraordinary events occur.	rel:definition	1
corporate officer duty	some duty incumbent upon some officer of a company	rel:definition	1
fund accountant	The party that keeps accounting records of the available assets and liabilities of the Fund. It calculates dealing prices, the Net Asset Value (NAV) of the Fund, and may provide fund performance and tax data. Can be subcontracted by the FundAdministrator.	rel:definition	1
consent solicitation	Solicitation of shareholders consent. Procedure aimed at obtaining consent of holders to proposal by issuer or a third party without a formal general meeting.	rel:definition	1
share price spread	Bid offer spread applies to any traded instrument.	rel:definition	1
civilian non institutional population	a statistical universe consisting of people of a certain age who reside in a given region, do not live in institutions (for example, correctional facilities, long-term care hospitals, and nursing homes), and are not on active military duty	rel:definition	1
price rate spread specification	The specification of a price in terms of the difference between that price as a percentage, and some publicly available rate at that same point in time, such as the interest rate on a Treasury Note or an inter-bank rate (IBOR).	rel:definition	1
offering document terms	Terms which are contained in the identified IOffering Document and are considered legally binding within the Issuance and Offering process, if they exist.	rel:definition	1
auction date rule	a business recurrence interval convention that is a published rule for defining the date of some auction event	rel:definition	1
forward delivery terms set	The delivery of something in the future, at an agreed date or dates and under agreed terms.	rel:definition	1
put window	an explicit period of time prior to a put date during which holder or agent must give notice to an issuer	rel:definition	1
derivatives clearing organization	an entity that enables each party to an agreement, contract, or transaction to substitute, through novation or otherwise, the credit of the DCO for the credit of the parties; arranges or provides, on a multilateral basis, for the settlement or netting of obligations; or otherwise provides clearing services or arrangements that mutualize or transfer credit risk among participants	rel:definition	1
security term sheet	A set of written terms for a future financial security setting out legal or contractual rights, obligations and the like, but not (or not yet) forming part of a set of Contractual Terms of the security contract.	rel:definition	1
thb sor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for THB-SOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
reference entity	The legal entity on which the protection buyer is buying or selling protection and any successor that assumes all or substantially all of its contractual and other obligations. This is the legal entity to which a Credit Event refers, if the event is defined in relation to some legal entity.	rel:definition	1
inr semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for INR-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
contract for difference	Cash settled contract where you buy or sell control of a particular asset such as USD. Further notes: You don't expect to deliver it, instead, at the end of the stated period you will take the current market value of the asset and pay the difference between the current market value and the value that you contracted for. Review session notes: Q: What are they? A: Cash settled contract where you buy or sell control of a particular asset such as USD. You don't expect to deliver it, instead, at the end of th estated period you will take the current market value of the asset and pay the difference between the current market value and the value that you contracted for. Just the same as a non deliverable forward. Differences: CFD are more a retail based product, they don't speciy a delivery date, they roll on a daily basis, the holder pays a margin but they don't determine the date where you have to settle. They rollover each day, but each day the holder has to provide a margin (and fees). Can roll along as long as you like, squaring up the current value and roll on for next day. No option to gake any value out of it. You can choose to terminate it, at which point youclear it at its current market value on that day and don't roll it over for the next. Developed to allow peopl ewho don't have the ability to hold the cash, to run a balance in a foreign ccy. What sort of assets? 1. Currency 2. No others known. Logically possible. Can be equity or anything. Q: What sort of facts apply: Delivery dates Quantities For non uniform assets: grades or qualities of those assets (e.g. oil0 Counterparties Earlier notes: Notes taken during Traded options SME Review: Traded in Australia and LSE. Presently these are predominantly OTC.	rel:definition	1
issue credit rating	The creditworthiness of the overall issue as determined by a Ratings Agency.	rel:definition	1
published financial information	published information made available by a financial information publisher	rel:definition	1
make whole feature	a call provision allowing the issuer to pay off remaining debt early	rel:definition	1
message	Some message communicating something from some party to some other party.	rel:definition	1
objective	a statement of a quantitative, measurable result that a person, organization, or system seeks to attain in order to achieve its goals	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs issue underwriter	The party which agrees to buy any certificates that are not bought by investors Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
trust beneficiary	Person or organization for whose present or future interest (benefit) an annuity, assignment (such as a letter of credit), contract, insurance policy, judgment, promise, trust, will, etc., is made	rel:definition	1
usd cmt	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CMT-T7051	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs instrument note	An individual note of a pass through instrument.	rel:definition	1
base rate	a reference rate that is the base rate set by a central bank for a given currency	rel:definition	1
trustor	Entity that establishes a trust and place property under the protection and management of one or more trustees for the immediate or eventual benefit of ascertainable one or more beneficiaries. It is not always necessary to identify the trustor who may be also be a trustee and/or one of the beneficiaries. In legal parlance, a trustor is called a settlor in the UK and a grantor in the US, whereas in common usage he or she may also be called a creator, donor, initiator, owner, or Trust maker.	rel:definition	1
jpy tsr telerate	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TSR-Telerate-15:00	rel:definition	1
clearing	The process by which securities trades are cleared.	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-TIBM-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
forward cash conditional delivery commitment	Commitment to deliver agreed amountof cash in the event that the option is exercised.	rel:definition	1
pool backed security instrument	A type of bond or note which derives its cashflow from some underlying pool of debt in which loans or mortgage advanced to borrowers are pooled together for the purposes of creating this type of security. Further notes: This is distinguished from CDO instruments which have an underlying pool of debt securities, as distinct from an underlying pool of loan products such as mortgages, credit cards or loans.	rel:definition	1
state chartered bank	a commercial bank whose charter is approved by a state banking department	rel:definition	1
accumulating share class	A share class in which there is no option to reinvest.	rel:definition	1
system of units	a set of measurement units associated with a system of quantities, together with a set of rules that assign one measurement unit to be the base unit for each base quantity in the system of quantities and a set of rules for the derivation of other units from the base units	rel:definition	1
clo deal	An issue of Collateralized Loan Obligations.	rel:definition	1
gbp libor bba	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
rea claim	Some imbalance, at a given point in time, between the respective rights and obligations of two parties with respect to one another.	rel:definition	1
percentage	a proportion of something expressed as a percentage amount	rel:definition	1
price parameter specification	The specification of a price as a quote of the primary parameter passed into an algorithm used to calculate the Present Value of the relevant Asset.	rel:definition	1
synthetic debt spv	A Special Purpose Vehicle set up for the issuance of synthetics CDOs. This entity (like all SPVs) its itself registered as some kind of legal entity, distinct from the sponsoring organization. It becomes the Issuer of Synthetic CDO issues.	rel:definition	1
prepayment speed	The rate at which the pool is paying down.	rel:definition	1
foreign exchange service	a financial service involving the exchange of one currency for another, conversion of one currency for another, and transfer of money from one country to another whereby currency conversion is required	rel:definition	1
equity stake in fund	A stake held in a fund by way of a Share Class Unit.	rel:definition	1
standardized options terms	A standardized set of terms for an options contract. These are defined by a securities exchange or an options clearing entity. Options contracts issued by the exchange may embody these terms or have equivalent terms which override these.	rel:definition	1
master agreement	A legal contract which is deemed to apply to a number of future activities between the parties thereto and having force over future agreements or contracts to be brought into effect between those parties.	rel:definition	1
legal requirement	A requirement driven by legal instruments, that is a requirement which is defined in and mandated by some body of statute law.	rel:definition	1
eur libor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
mortgage pool	A number of mortgages combined into a single pool and used as an asset.	rel:definition	1
abaiin registry entry	an entry in the ABA IIN registry, a repository of financial institution characteristics collected by the ABA for those institutions to which they issue IINs	rel:definition	1
cad tbill reuters	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-TBILL-Reuters	rel:definition	1
otc transaction confirmation	a formal confirmation document that codifies the terms and conditions of the transaction between the parties	rel:definition	1
branch of government	a division of the government of a state, with separate and independent powers and areas of responsibility so that the powers of one branch are not in conflict with the powers associated with the other branches	rel:definition	1
bank for international settlements	an international financial organization that serves central banks in their pursuit of monetary and financial stability, helping to foster international cooperation in those areas and acting as a bank for central banks	rel:definition	1
non agency io tranche	Interest Only tranche, meaning that this tranche will only pay interest.	rel:definition	1
issued debt	debt that is set out by the borrower in some form of financial security in which the lender is the holder or counterparty of that security	rel:definition	1
document status	Type or status of a document, specifically Draft or final. Not the same as versioning of a revision-controlled formal document.	rel:definition	1
option intrinsic value	Intrinsic Value (Calls): When the underlying security's price is higher than the strike price a call option is said to be \"in-the-money.\" Intrinsic Value (Puts): If the underlying security's price is less than the strike price, a put option is \"in-the-money.\" Only in-the-money options have intrinsic value, representing the difference between the current price of the underlying security and the option's exercise price, or strike price.	rel:definition	1
option theoretical value	Theoretical value looks at variability of the price. The longer until exercise the more this will vary. the more likely it is to finish in the money, the more I am likely to pay for it. But meanwhile, I also have to look at the current value - the amount I would pay for the thing. Any change would be a cost to me.	rel:definition	1
crd credit institution	an undertaking whose business is to receive deposits or other repayable funds from the public and to grant credits for its own account as defined by the European Banking Authority (EBA)	rel:definition	1
market price	A price determined about a trading market as a whole.	rel:definition	1
skk bribor nbsk	the FpML floating interest index for SKK-BRIBOR-NBSK07	rel:definition	1
securities issuance agreement	A formal agreement, deed or contract in respect of some intended securities issuance.	rel:definition	1
hkd isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-ISDA-Swap Rate-4:00	rel:definition	1
discounted cp	A Discounted CP is similar to a Treasury Bill except the maturity is 270 days or less. Therefore (draft definition): A Money Market instrument (short term debt instrument) issued by a corporation for the purposes of raising funds. This is tradable and accretes interest i.e. it is a Discounted Instrument. It has a maturity of 270 days or less.	rel:definition	1
major swap participant	a financial service provider that maintains a substantial position in swaps for any of the major swap categories, excluding positions held for hedging or mitigating commercial risk and positions maintained by an employee benefit plan for the primary purpose of hedging or mitigating any risk directly associated with the operation of the plan	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
tax reclaim activity message	"Message about some Tax Reclaim activity. SWIFT:\""Event related to tax reclaim activities.\""	rel:definition	1
tax reclaim activity message	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/CAE/AboutCAE/CAESpecification>	<http://purl.org/dc/terms/isPartOf>	1
tax reclaim activity message	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/CAE/CorporateEvents/CorporateActionsEvents/TaxReclaimActivityMessage>	rel:isDefinedBy	1
tax reclaim activity message	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
issuer formal offer notification	""Notification of some formal offer by the issuer of the security."	rel:definition	1
ffiec up prepay speed	Public Securities Association (PSA) speed used for the underlying collateral for cash-flow calculations in the \"up 300\" scenario.	rel:definition	1
repofunds rate italy ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for REPOFUNDS RATE-ITALY-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
securities transaction identifier	an identifier for a securities transaction	rel:definition	1
unemployment rate	an economic indicator representing the ratio of the unemployed population with respect to the civilian labor force of a given economy for some specified period	rel:definition	1
customer	a buyer that receives or consumes products (goods or services) and has the ability to choose between different products and suppliers	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate tradition reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
business goal	A Goal is a state or condition of the enterprise to be brought about or sustained through appropriate Means.	rel:definition	1
bijuridicial jurisdiction	One system of law under which a Bijuridicial Jurisdiction is governed is the system of Common Law.	rel:definition	1
bijuridicial jurisdiction	A Jurisdiction in which two or more systems of law are in force.	rel:definition	1
bijuridicial jurisdiction	One system of law under which a Bijuridicial Jurisdiction is governed is the system of Civil Law.	rel:definition	1
cad libor bba bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
supplier	a party that supplies goods or services	rel:definition	1
legal entity identifier	an organization identifier that uniquely identifies a legal person as defined in ISO 17442	rel:definition	1
equity dividend swap	No definition FpML: Specifies the structure of the dividend swap transaction supplement.	rel:definition	1
conversion suspension action	Suspensiion of conversion of securities generally a couple of weeks before a meeting takes place. SWIFT = SCOP	rel:definition	1
committed credit facility tranche	A tranche of a credit facility which has been formally agreed between a potential lender and a potential borrower.	rel:definition	1
committed credit facility tranche	A contractually committed line of credit which is issued as a revolving line of credit which can be drawn upon and has collateral	rel:definition	1
russian yield formula	This is based on a different Effective Yield than on another market.	rel:definition	1
publication	anything made public by print (such as a newspaper, magazine, pamphlet, letter, telegram, via computer modem or program, or in a poster, brochure or pamphlet), orally, or by broadcast (radio, television)	rel:definition	1
loan conditions	Conditions which must be met by the Borrower during the course of the loan. Breach of these conditions will have predetermined consequences.	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs draft prospectus	The draft prospectus for a pass through Mortgage Backed Securities issue, as determined by the issuing agency prior to marketing the issue. Certain terms in the draft prospectus will be finalized later in the issuance process to become the actual Prospectus. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
mbs issuer	The issuer of a Mortgage Backed Security.	rel:definition	1
rub mosprime reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-MOSPRIME-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
myr klibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for MYR-KLIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
revolving line of credit tranche	A contractually committed line of credit which is issued as a revolving line of credit which can be drawn upon and has collateral	rel:definition	1
rule determined date	a date determined by the application of some rule	rel:definition	1
usd treasury rate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Treasury Rate-T500	rel:definition	1
inflation swap transaction	A transaction in which one leg is based on an inflation rate and the other leg is based on an interest rate (usually or always fixed interest).	rel:definition	1
sek stibor side	the FpML floating interest index for SEK-STIBOR-SIDE	rel:definition	1
capital	financial capital, which represents obligations, and is liquidated as money for trade, and owned by legal entities	rel:definition	1
loan collateral agreement	Contract in which the borrower of a collateralized securied loan agrees the terms on which the collateral is made available to the Lender.	rel:definition	1
future options exercise terms set	Contractual terms defining when or under what circumstances an options instrument may be exercised.	rel:definition	1
value added producer price index	an economic indicator representing a weighted average of the input and output producer price indices	rel:definition	1
productivity	an economic indicator representing a ratio of a volume measure of output to a volume measure of input use	rel:definition	1
pln wibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for PLN-WIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
option time value	Prior to expiration, any premium in excess of intrinsic value is called time value. Time value is also known as the amount an investor is willing to pay for an option above its intrinsic value, in the hope that at some time prior to expiration its value will increase because of a favorable change in the price of the underlying security. The longer the amount of time for market conditions to work to an investor's benefit, the greater the time value.	rel:definition	1
credit agreement terms	Terms relating to an agreement to extend some committed credit facility on the part of a potential lender to a potential borrower.	rel:definition	1
cnh hibor tma	the FpML floating interest index for CNH-HIBOR-TMA	rel:definition	1
fund	Distinct pool of financial instruments managed by a single investment policy.	rel:definition	1
cooperative bank	a state-chartered savings association located in Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island or Vermont	rel:definition	1
non cash securities delivery	Delivery is by some other means.	rel:definition	1
legally capable person	a person who is allowed to conduct a business or any other occupation on his or her own behalf or for their own account	rel:definition	1
minimum margin	The lowest amount an account can reach before needing to be replenished.	rel:definition	1
inr bmk	the FpML floating interest index for INR-BMK	rel:definition	1
desired result	End that is a state or target that an autonomous agent intends to maintain or sustain Editorial Note: Original definition from BMM, which is too narrow (defined only in context of business) states: \"end that is a state or target that the enterprise intends to maintain or sustain\" Definition Adapted From: BMM	rel:definition	1
national securities identifying number	a generic, nine-digit alpha numeric code which identifies a fungible security, assigned by a national numbering agency under the ISO 6166 standard	rel:definition	1
fund classification	The category of the fund according to the asset class. This is a published code by which the Fund is classified. Further notes: Could be EFCF codes. This is the way in which \"Type of fund\" is articulated.	rel:definition	1
instalment call	Increase of share capital through additional payment on face value of partly-paid shares, with part payments in several instalments. SWIFT = PPMT	rel:definition	1
notice	Some formal communication in which some party makes a statement to the reader or the world at large about some fact or occurrence.	rel:definition	1
notice	Some formal written communication, setting out the position of some party or parties about some matter.	rel:definition	1
notice	Some formal written communication, notifying some party or parties about some fact or occurrence.	rel:definition	1
notice	Some formal written communication from some party to another party or parties or to the world at large, notifying them about some fact or occurrence.	rel:definition	1
notice	Some formal written document prepared by some party which is typically regarded as an authority in the subject matter, setting out some formal position in respect of some other party, which may be used by that party as a point of reference about that subject matter to the world at large.	rel:definition	1
option buyer commitment	Commitments, if any, on the part of the holder (buyer) of the Option.	rel:definition	1
ir option underlying	The underlying on a Commodities Option, which is the corresponding Commodity Future contract on the same exchange.	rel:definition	1
currency forward rate	a rate of exchange between two currencies for settlement at some future point in time, expressed as a premium on the spot rate	rel:definition	1
mutual agreement	an agreement between two or more specific named parties. The rights and obligations pertaining to either party cannot be transferred to another party without prior agreement	rel:definition	1
gbp libor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
security issuance certificate	A notice, statement, declaration, memorandum or other formal written communication in respect of some securities issue, sent out by or on behalf of the issuers of some intended securities issue.	rel:definition	1
security issuance certificate	A formal memorandum in respect of some securities issuance.	rel:definition	1
security issuance certificate	Certificate as defined in DTCC terms for type of Offering Document. REVIEW: It is not known whether this is the security certificate itself, or a certificate relating to the Offering of a new Security or issue.	rel:definition	1
security issuance certificate	A formal agreement, deed or contract in respect of some intended securities issuance.	rel:definition	1
explicitly scheduled event	An event which is scheduled in advance to take place on some specific date.	rel:definition	1
explicitly scheduled event	an occurrence of a specific occurence kind (scheduled event) and that occurs as part of some regular schedule	rel:definition	1
settlement entity	A entity as seen for transaction settlement purposes.	rel:definition	1
status code value	The value of the status of something that is set in terms of a list of selectable values taken from a list, which may take different values from that list at different times.	rel:definition	1
registration identifier	an identifier that is officially allocated to an organization at the time of registration, typically in a jurisdiction in which said organization is organized or registered and used in that jurisdiction to identify the organization	rel:definition	1
statute law	written law (as opposed to oral or customary law) set down by a legislature or by a legislator (in the case of an absolute monarchy)	rel:definition	1
non agency jump tranche	A tranche where if there is some sort of trigger event reached then the holders of the tranche will begin to receive payments.	rel:definition	1
unit	A unit of measure ofa quantity, time or anything else which is measurable. NB don't confuse this with units in a Trust Fund!!	rel:definition	1
non governmental organization	a not for profit organization that is a citizen-based group that functions independently of government	rel:definition	1
legal agent	any party that has been legally empowered to act on behalf of another party	rel:definition	1
financial service provider	a functional entity either licensed to provide financial services to consumers and/or businesses or established by law to provide financial services, such as a central bank	rel:definition	1
unconditional right	A right to which no conditions are applied. Further Notes; these may be moral, consititutional. Contractual and so on.	rel:definition	1
month	A Julian calendar month	rel:definition	1
notional step percentage amount	the percentage amount by which the notional changes on each step date	rel:definition	1
regulated market	a medium for the exchange of goods or services over which a government body exerts a level of control. This control may require market participants to comply with environmental standards, product-safety specifications, information disclosure requirements and so on.	rel:definition	1
ron annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for RON-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
liquidation event	Liquidating dividend/Liquidation consist of a distribution of cash, assets, or both. Debt may be paid in order of priority based on preferred claims to assets specified by the security. SWIFT = LIQU	rel:definition	1
registration authority code	an identifier that uniquely identifies a business registry, issued by the Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF)	rel:definition	1
regulatory agency	a public authority or government agency responsible for exercising autonomous authority over some area of human activity in a regulatory or supervisory capacity	rel:definition	1
federal reserve district identifier	an identifier associated with a Federal Reserve district	rel:definition	1
fund share class unit dividend	Expected dividend payment from a Fund Unit. REVIEW: Does this apply to the Fund as a whole or to a unit in the fund? This term will be redefined following the Funds model restructuring	rel:definition	1
negotiable security	a security that can be transferred or delivered to another party	rel:definition	1
wall street yield calculation method	No definition.Term put here from memory.	rel:definition	1
formally constituted organization member	A member of some formally constituted organization.	rel:definition	1
fixed coupon bond	A bond which pays a fixed rate of interest at regular intervals.	rel:definition	1
debt offering	an offering of one or more debt instruments for sale	rel:definition	1
inr mibor ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for INR-MIBOR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
government agency	a permanent or semi-permanent organization, often an appointed commission, in the machinery of government that is responsible for the oversight and administration of specific functions	rel:definition	1
trading date rule	a rule for dates defined with reference to some trading date calendar published by some trading facility or authority, such as a stock exchange	rel:definition	1
securities exchange	an organized, national exchange where securities, options, and futures contracts may be traded by members for their own accounts and for the accounts of their customers	rel:definition	1
treatment capability	Whereby it is possible that a thing can be treated according to these constructs	rel:definition	1
dkk cibor bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for DKK-CIBOR2-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
contractual economic commitment	Some Commitment, made as part of a transaction (economic) agreement, which has contractual standing.	rel:definition	1
financial information publisher	a formal organization acting as a publisher or provider of information related to the financial markets or of interest to financial market participants such as information on economies	rel:definition	1
registry entry	an entry in a registry that specifies something about the thing that is registered	rel:definition	1
equity instrument issue information	Information about the Issuance of an Equity Security, which is maintained throughout the life of the Security.	rel:definition	1
regulated commodity	a commodity under the jurisdiction of the regulatory agency, such as the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTF), which includes any commodity traded in an organized contracts market	rel:definition	1
asset	A thing held by some party and having some value.	rel:definition	1
scheduled trading day type	When calculating the number of days between two dates the count includes only scheduled trading days.	rel:definition	1
post code area	a physical area uniquely identified by some postal code	rel:definition	1
address	an index to a location to which communications may be delivered	rel:definition	1
securities issue memorandum	A formal memorandum in respect of some securities issuance.	rel:definition	1
loan application borrower assessment information	Information about the borrower in relation to the loan. Specifically this is a bundle of information whose purpose is to identify the borrower and to assess their ability to pay (credit worthiness etc.)	rel:definition	1
disposition right	The right to dispose of a thing as one sees fit	rel:definition	1
unit price monetary specification	The specification of a price in terms of some monetary amount, that is a number and a currency unit, in exchange for one unit if the item so priced.	rel:definition	1
auditor	an individual qualified (at the state level) to conduct audits. An auditor may be an internal auditor (an individual whose primary job function is to audit his or her own company) or an external auditor (an individual from outside the company, who typically is employed by an auditing firm who handles many different clients).	rel:definition	1
payment event	an event that involves delivery of money in fulfillment of an obligation	rel:definition	1
unconditional obligation	An obligation which is not conditional on the occurrence of any event or the existence or continuation of any condition.	rel:definition	1
day month value	a single value representing a day of a month in any given year	rel:definition	1
interest payment	Payment of Interest to the Holder. Further notes: Are there options on the Holder? Yes, you can opt to be paid in a certain currency. It is not always defined in the security terms. So if the Terms in the Security terms sheet gives you an option, there is a choice for the Holder at this point. Such choices would include: - Currency - Pay in Kind (\"Spinoff\" or PiK - see PiK corporate Action) Could be mandatory. If there were an option then the letter announcing it would require a response. This is usually stated in the message. Is there a message even if there is no option? Yes. Usually have to generate the events artificially as the Servicing organization. you can't rely on a feed or message coming in but because it is part of the security contract the above has to generate at the expected time, and arrange the payments. Q: That is the point at there was a choice you would expect to see a message, or end up still having to generate it but with the choices. A: The ones with Choices come as announcements and don't ave to be generated by the Service. Older definitin (re-scoped now: An Event in which a payment occurs. Anything can have a payment event. If a thing hits a pay date, whether it's voluntary or mandatory, that's a payment event. Divide into: Securities Cash Combination Payment or Distribution? Are these exclusive? Take an event that's always a combination of options, and an option is a combination of payouts. Generates transactions - determine what txns happen when a customer chooses that option. Distribution / delivery: generic concept Payment - implis cash distribution. So payment is specialization of distribution.	rel:definition	1
issued	The security has been issued into the secondary market.	rel:definition	1
holder response message	A message conveying the Holder's choice in some Corporate Action.	rel:definition	1
classification scheme	a system for allocating classifiers (elements in a classification scheme) to objects, similar to identifiers in some cases; such classification schemes are intended to permit the classification of arbitrary objects into hierarchies (or partial orders)	rel:definition	1
interest payment with principal	A payment of a portion of the principal of an interest bearing asset, in addition to the interest payment. SWIFT = PRII	rel:definition	1
inr semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for INR-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:30-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
verbal contract	a contract that exists as a result of some verbal exchange	rel:definition	1
division	a part of a company, such as a line of business, that may have separate accounting or reporting requirements	rel:definition	1
take no action notification message	"Notification of a Take No Action response. SWIFT: Term: NOAC Definition: \""Take no action\""	rel:definition	1
take no action notification message	holder response message	rel:broader	1
take no action notification message	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/CAE/AboutCAE/CAESpecification>	<http://purl.org/dc/terms/isPartOf>	1
take no action notification message	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/CAE/CorporateEvents/CorporateActionsEvents/TakeNoActionNotificationMessage>	rel:isDefinedBy	1
take no action notification message	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
issuer	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/BP/AboutBP/BPSpecification>	<http://purl.org/dc/terms/isPartOf>	1
issuer	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/BP/SecuritiesIssuance/EquitiesIPOIssuance/Issuer>	rel:isDefinedBy	1
issuer	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
relative yield calculation method	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/MD/AboutMD/MDSpecification>	<http://purl.org/dc/terms/isPartOf>	1
relative yield calculation method	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/MD/DebtTemporal/DebtPricingYields/RelativeYieldCalculationMethod>	rel:isDefinedBy	1
relative yield calculation method	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
value changing activity	""Some event or activity which changes the value of something. Examples: A value changing event can be for instance (in securities), a declaration of a dividend. This is an event which changes the value of something. CAE that are in FIBIM are value changing events. Changes to principal on any loan is a value changing event."	rel:definition	1
local operating unit identifier	an identifier that uniquely identifies a local operating unit (LOU), issued by the Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF)	rel:definition	1
delivery obligation	"This and the Payment Obligation may be set out in one clause of the Master Agreement. This is the clause which obligates the parties to make the payments or deliveries in accordance with those Confirmations, which are generally messages. May be subject to other provisions in the Master Agreement. Example text: \""Each party will make each payment or delivery specified in each Confirmation to be made by it, subject to the other provisions of this Agreement. \""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
delivery obligation	""Obligation to make deliveries on transactions transacted under the Master Agreement, as specified in any Confirmation made by that party."	rel:definition	1
management company	Any investment company that sells and manages a portfolio of securities other than a face-amount certificate company or unit investment fund.	rel:definition	1
constitutional owner	a party that holds an equity stake in some entity, in the form of stockholders' equity	rel:definition	1
debt security bid price	A price quoted for purchase of a quantity of a debt security in the marketplace. This may be either the OTC market or a securities exchange or a composite market consisting of several exchanges or trading facilities.	rel:definition	1
canadian dollar offered rate	a daily interbank offered rate based on the trimmed arithmetic average of the rates at which CDOR submitters would be willing to lend funds for specific terms-to-maturity against the primary market issuance of Banker's Acceptances to clients with existing credit facilities that reference CDOR (i.e. bid-side rates of the primary BA market)	rel:definition	1
exchange offer	Exchange offer; Capital reorganisation. Offer to shareholders to exchange their holdings for other securities and/or cash. Exchange offers are usually voluntary. Example: Where the \"usually voluntary\" comes in is that Announcement Payout Option 1: Cash 2. Stocks 3. Cash and Stock Holder picks option 1, 2 or 3 (= 1 & 2). the voluntary aspect is where it's an Exchange Offer. It's mandatory to pick one of 1 - 3. Otherwise defaults to cash on payment date. Option Payout Componnet is the terms for the choice. Exchange Offer may be voluntary, not always Mandator With Choice. for example, there are legal qualifications on what is possible. Preceded by Tender Offer. Consequences dependent on scenarios. Once the firm making the offer gets to a given (legally defined) threshold e.g. 90% then they have the right to acquire all of the outstanding shares. An Exchange Offer is therefore a specialization of a Tender Offer. It's the specialization where the above mentioned requirements have been met. Further detail: Happens in a wider range of circumsntaces. Is soecifically associated with the issuer. this could be voluntary or not. EXOF could be any of the three (mand, vol, man w choice). tendre is always voluntary.	rel:definition	1
twd quarterly annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
master agreement account change notification obligation	The obligtation to notify the counterparty to this agreement, of any changes in account details.	rel:definition	1
single currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap in which the two streams of interest payments are in the same currency	rel:definition	1
credit reference agency requirements	REquirements other than data protection, governing what a credit reference agency can or cannot do.	rel:definition	1
pool equity	a share or proportion of the capital gains in some pool investment such as a fund or a debt asset pool	rel:definition	1
statutory reporting entity	An entity which is obliged to report for statutory purposes.	rel:definition	1
currency option exercise terms set	Contractual terms defining when or under what circumstances an currency option is to be exercised.	rel:definition	1
dividend period	A dividend payment period.	rel:definition	1
credit score category	a credit score that is a qualitative measure	rel:definition	1
iso standard	A standard published and mandated by the International Standards Organisation (ISO).	rel:definition	1
currency	medium of exchange value, defined by reference to the geographical location of the authorities responsible for it	rel:definition	1
cad tbill reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-TBILL-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
zero coupon and oid bond call terms set	Terms defining the Call options for a Zero Coupon or OID Bond.	rel:definition	1
average hourly earnings	a measure of the average hourly wage an employee makes over the reporting period	rel:definition	1
exposure	the extent to which an individual or organization is unprotected and open to damage, danger, risk of suffering a loss, or uncertainty	rel:definition	1
sinking fund amortization terms set	Terms for the paydown of principal in a sinking fund type of amortizing security.	rel:definition	1
government issued license	grant of permission needed to legally perform some task, provide some service, exercise a certain privilege, or pursue some business or occupation	rel:definition	1
chief financial officer	Senior-most executive responsible for financial control and planning of a firm or project. He or she is in charge of all accounting functions including (1) credit control, (2) preparing budgets and financial statements, (3) coordinating financing and fund raising, (4) monitoring expenditure and liquidity, (5) managing investment and taxation issues, (6) reporting financial performance to the board, and (7) providing timely financial data to the CEO. Also called chief finance officer, comptroller, controller, or finance controller.	rel:definition	1
owner	A party in the ownership role; one that owns something. The thing owned is an Asset to that Party.	rel:definition	1
debt collateral	Debt Assets pledged to a lender until a loan is repaid. Further notes: This provides one means by which some extension of finance (such as a loan, debt or equity issue) is under-written.	rel:definition	1
reference obligation	The underlying obligation against which the CDS provides credit protection. The Reference Obligation is a financial instrument that is either issued or guaranteed by the reference entity. It serves to clarify the precise reference entity protection is being offered upon, and its legal position with regard to other related firms (parents/subsidiaries).	rel:definition	1
full faith and credit bond	[definition from Wes]	rel:definition	1
ownership	Ownership is the context in which some Party is said to own some Independent Thing. The Party is defined as such due to its being the owning party to that Thing.	rel:definition	1
pre approval contract	a written commitment to lend when specified conditions are met, e.g. finding suitable property, and unchanged creditworthiness	rel:definition	1
notional step period length	a recurrence interval indicating the frequency with which step changes occur, which is a multiple of the calculation period in the calculation schedule	rel:definition	1
de facto control	control that is understood, due to condition or situation treated as standard or official, even if not explicitly stated (or actually standardized)	rel:definition	1
reference interest rate	a market rate that is a rate of interest paid by or agreed among some bank or set of banks	rel:definition	1
dispersion leg terms	Either leg of a Dispersion Swap. This is a structure defining one or other underlying component of a Dispersion Swap.	rel:definition	1
industrial bank	a limited service financial institution that raises funds by selling certificates called 'investment shares' and by accepting deposits	rel:definition	1
cds cash settlement valuation method	The defined methodology for determining the final price of the reference obligation for purposes of cash settlement. FpML: The ISDA defined methodology for determining the final price of the reference obligation for purposes of cash settlement.	rel:definition	1
real property appraisal	an act of real estate valuation that determines the amount of money a real estate property is worth.	rel:definition	1
arbitrage cdo	Arbitrage CDO/CLO/CBO - the reference assets are bought by a firm or conduit or SPV (Special Purpose Vehicle) with a view to repackage them and sell them on as the structured product.	rel:definition	1
output producer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the rate of change over time in the prices of products sold as they leave the producer	rel:definition	1
issuer corporate action announcer	The announcer of an event which is also the issuer of the security that the event is about.	rel:definition	1
green bond	A green bond is a tax-exempt bond issued by federally qualified organizations or by municipalities for the development of brownfield sites. Brownfield sites are areas of land that are underutilized, have abandoned buildings or are underdeveloped, often containing low levels of industrial pollution.	rel:definition	1
credit score model type	a type corresonding to a family of credit scoring algorithms sharing common characteristics	rel:definition	1
sub fund manager	A sub fund manager is ...	rel:definition	1
limited partnership unit	A limited partnership is a form of partnership similar to a general partnership, except that in addition to one or more general partners (GPs) there are one or more limited partners (LPs).	rel:definition	1
senior equity	The most senior class of equity issued in the company. Holders of this class of equity will receive first call on the assets of the company in the event of it being wound up.	rel:definition	1
ils telbor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for ILS-TELBOR01-Reuters	rel:definition	1
market investment goal	A business goal driving investment activities as distinct from day to day commercial trading activities.	rel:definition	1
sar srior suaa	the FpML floating interest index for SAR-SRIOR-SUAA	rel:definition	1
zar prime average	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-PRIME-AVERAGE	rel:definition	1
secondary security offering distribution	An Offering of a security which has been previously issued.	rel:definition	1
convention	The way something is usually done.	rel:definition	1
convention	a widely accepted or established way of doing 'something' within some community of practice	rel:definition	1
consent solicitation communication	Activity in which the issuer of a security, wanting consent, communicates this to the holders, from whom consent would need to be granted.	rel:definition	1
put schedule	a schedule that defines the events associated with the put feature of a debt instrument, i.e, the dates on which the debt instrument may be sold at what price by the holder	rel:definition	1
cash put option	Option to sell cash at an agreed rate on an agreed date.	rel:definition	1
floating interest rate leg	a swapstream in which variable interest is paid on some notional amount, linked to some underlying interest reference rate	rel:definition	1
good faith estimate	GFE - representation by the lender on the costs and implications of settlement (early termination) of the loan.	rel:definition	1
debt issuance process information	Information specific to the Issuance of a Debt security.	rel:definition	1
otc currency option	A contract that grants the holder the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell currency at a specified exchange rate during a specified period of time.	rel:definition	1
cash abs pool	A pool investment consisting of a collection of cash ABS instruments.	rel:definition	1
worst call	The worst case of when the instrument might be called.	rel:definition	1
end of month	a business recurrence interval that indicates the last day of a calendar month, regardless of the length of that month	rel:definition	1
face amount certificate company	an investment company which is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of issuing face-amount certificates of the installment type, or which has been engaged in such business and has any such certificate outstanding	rel:definition	1
commitment to repay	a commitment obliging the borrower to repay funds that have been loaned, in a manner pursuant to a loan contract	rel:definition	1
dividends distribution method	The method by which amounts owing to a holder of an equity or a fund, are distributed, e.g. by payment of a monetary amount or by reinvestment in the same company or fund.	rel:definition	1
usd cp reference dealers	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CP-Reference Dealers	rel:definition	1
local firm	a firm dealing for its own account on markets in financial futures or options or other derivatives and on cash markets for the sole purpose of hedging positions on derivatives markets, or dealing for the accounts of other members of those markets and being guaranteed by clearing members of the same markets, where responsibility for ensuring the performance of contracts entered into by such a firm is assumed by clearing members of the same markets	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs final termsheet	The final termsheet for the pass through MBS issue. This defines the terms for the MBS contract itself. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
loan early prepayment hard penalty terms	Early repayment penalty in the event of the loan being paid off without any refinancing with the same lender.	rel:definition	1
potential tranched issue underwriter	The entity which will become the underwriter for the tranched MBS issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
credit events descriptive terms	Terms describing Credit Events and defining what these are for the purposes of this Agreement.	rel:definition	1
non tradable debt instrument	a debt instrument that may not be bought or sold	rel:definition	1
cfd counterparty	A party which issues or is the counterparty to a Contract For Difference.	rel:definition	1
written contract	a formal contract that is written and signed by the parties thereto	rel:definition	1
sub fund	"The terms given for Fund may relate to fund, sub fund or umbrella. Sub Fund is differentiated by the fact that it is part of an umbrella fund, otherwise it is the same as any other fund. ISO FIBIM Definition for SubFundIndicator (property of InvestmentFund): \""Indicates whether the investment fund is a subfund, when it is a compartment of an umbrella fund. In this case, subfund is a synonym of investment fund and therefore has the same attributes as investment fund.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
sub fund	subfund supervisory authority	rel:supervisedBy	1
sub fund	umbrella fund	rel:isSubFundOf	1
sub fund	""A set of share classes is a compartment of an umbrella fund. In this case, subfund is a synonym of investment fund and therefore has the same attributes as investment fund."	rel:definition	1
legal proceedings status selection	The status of any legal proceedings.	rel:definition	1
obligation conditional on some circumstance	An Obligation which is conditional on the existence or continuing existence of some circumstance.	rel:definition	1
spin off	Demerger; Distribution; Unbundling. A distribution of subsidiary stock to the shareholders of the parent company without a surrender of shares. Spin-off represents a form of divestiture resulting in an independent company.	rel:definition	1
forward delivery commitment	A commitment to deliver something at some time or under some terms in the future.	rel:definition	1
investment portfolio	An account containing a number of financial instruments along with cash positions in one or more currencies.	rel:definition	1
commodity underlying	The underlying of a Commodity Derivative, that is the commodity itself which underlies the contract.	rel:definition	1
numeric amount	An amount of some discrete thing Note: does not require units as the individual things are counted. Tech note: in other (data) standards this stands alongside (material) Amount rather than above it see e.g. CCTS, ISO 20022 v1.5	rel:definition	1
labor productivity gross output	a ratio of a quantity index of gross output to a quantity index of labor input	rel:definition	1
equity option otc contract	Definition needed	rel:definition	1
compulsion capacity	The ability to compel the activities of a thing	rel:definition	1
structured collection	a collection that has a clearly defined structure or organization	rel:definition	1
nil paid	Nil paid	rel:definition	1
date returned by settlement date rule	a rule-determined date that is a published rule for defining the date returned by settlement date	rel:definition	1
tranche type	the type of tranche in a tranched MBS security	rel:definition	1
monetary amount	the measure which is an amount of money specified in monetary units	rel:definition	1
when issued	When Issued or Gray Market trading is when a security is traded ahead of the date at which it is to be issued.	rel:definition	1
settlement	The process by which securities trades are settled.	rel:definition	1
issuer	any party who issues (or proposes to issue, in a formal filing) any financial instrument, where a party can be a natural person, company, government, or political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality of a government	rel:definition	1
publishing house	some organization whose principal role is to publish information	rel:definition	1
parametric reference entity	An entity, the value of some property of which is used in calculations for some purpose.	rel:definition	1
credit spread	In finance, a credit spread is the yield spread, or difference in yield between different securities, due to different credit quality. The credit spread reflects the additional net yield an investor can earn from a security with more credit risk relative to one with less credit risk. The credit spread of a particular security is often quoted in relation to the yield on a credit risk-free benchmark security or reference rate. Further Notes There are several measures of credit spread, including Z-spread and option-adjusted spread. Old definition (Algo) The spread between the credit rating of something and its maturity. THis is now defined as a different term pending further review with Algorithmics. Update from SMER. difference between risk free price (price of govt bond) and the price of this security. (matches Wikipedia definition above) i.e. price of this credit versus the price of a (near) risk free credit. The latter is a reference security with low risk such as a Treasury Bond. Is this between prices or between yields? can be expressed as either wrt price or yield, and this is detemined by context for different markets. Try and get a list. This is more generic - the meaning is not that it is speciufically wrt yield as such. Debt Price Spread is in context of price, whereas this is more generic.	rel:definition	1
debt instrument issue information	Information about the Issuance of a Debt Security, which is maintained throughout the life of the Security.	rel:definition	1
non depository institution	any financial institution that acts as the middleman between two parties in a financial transaction, and that does not provide traditional depository services, such as brokerage firms, insurance companies, investment companies, etc.	rel:definition	1
dkk cita dkna compound	the FpML floating interest index for DKK-CITA-DKNA14-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
arrears payment history	Historical information about payment of arrears by the entity.	rel:definition	1
convertible share	A Share which is convertible into another security, usually a share in the same company.	rel:definition	1
underwriting automation	a category indicating whether a loan was underwritten manually or using an automated underwriting system	rel:definition	1
private company with limited liability	a hybrid business entity having certain characteristics of both a corporation and a partnership or sole proprietorship (depending on how many owners there are).	rel:definition	1
guarantee providing member	an entity that has issued some guarantee for a body incorporated by the issuance of guarantees	rel:definition	1
formal organization	An Organization that is recognized in some legal jurisdiction, with associated rights and responsibilities. Examples include a Corporation, Charity, Government or Church.	rel:definition	1
cdo tranche seniority selection	The seniority of a tranche of a CDO issue.	rel:definition	1
day count convention	a business recurrence interval convention that is used to calculate the number of days in an interest payment, which applies to the amount of accrued interest or the present value for debt instruments	rel:definition	1
chf usd basis swaps icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF USD-Basis Swaps-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
religious law system	Some system of law based on the ordering principle of reality as being knowledge as revealed by God and governing all human affairs.	rel:definition	1
controlling alliance	Some group of entities which have formed some alliance or agreement in terms of which they jointly exercise control over some entity.	rel:definition	1
financial institution	a financial service provider identified as either a government agency or privately owned entity that collects funds from the public and from other institutions, and invests those funds in financial assets, such as loans, securities, bank deposits, and income-generating property	rel:definition	1
site	A site is a place, setting, or context in which something is situated.	rel:definition	1
index option exercise terms set	Contractual terms defining when or under what circumstances an options instrument may be exercised.	rel:definition	1
underwriting process actor	any actor within the DTYCC Underwriting Process or any other Underwriting Process. Note: At present all these Actors (e.g. Underwriter) are defined simply as Process Actors and not as specializations of this type of Actor. Therefore this Actor is a Union of all of those.	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-17096	rel:definition	1
security note	An individually denominated note within a security or tranche of a security, where this is issued in notes of different denominations.	rel:definition	1
standardized futures option terms set	Standard terms for a futures options contract, determined in advance by the exchange. These will become terms of an individual futures option contract. These may be varied or overridden for individual contracts.	rel:definition	1
debt security interest payment terms	contract terms defining how the interest or coupon on a security should be paid	rel:definition	1
pool backed deal prospectus	Prospectus describing the terms of the issue and each of the instruments included in the pool backed security issue. Term origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
security underwriter	an organization(s) responsible for raising the capital necessary for the issuance of securities on behalf of corporations and governments issuing the securities (both equity and debt)	rel:definition	1
variable	a symbol that represents a parameter in a formula or expression	rel:definition	1
exchange traded security	a listed security that may be traded on a particular exchange	rel:definition	1
money market future	A future instrument where the underlying is a money market instrument.	rel:definition	1
fund legal form	The legal form of the fund, eg Joint Stock Company, SPV etc.	rel:definition	1
coupon stub start date	The calendar date when the coupon stub period is scheduled to start.	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle event occurrence	an occurrence of an event that occurs during a specific stage of a specific trade lifecycle	rel:definition	1
bond offer issue with warrant	A bond issue where the issue includes a Warrant attached. Further notes: ISO 10962 CFI definition is A bond that is issued together with one or more warrant(s) attached as part of the offer, the warrant(s) granting the holder the right to purchase a designated security, often the common stock of the issuer of the debt, at a specified price. Review notes: This need not be any specific type of bond. The warrant is used as a sweetener to encourage people to subscribe to a new bond issue. The Bond and the Warrant trade together as a unit (called \"Bond Unit\").	rel:definition	1
registration requirement	a requirement for registraton of a security within some country, jurisdiction or federal province  ... applies to a registered security, is a function of registration regulations	rel:definition	1
ordinary share dividend	A dividend payable to holders of an ordinary share. This is a payment made at the discretion of the company in which the shares are held, and is based on the profit of that company for the period to which the dividend applies.	rel:definition	1
repossession history	Information about an entity which has a history of repossessions, about those repossessions.	rel:definition	1
share value decrease notification	"The number of the circulating shares remains unchanged. May include a capital pay-out to shareholder. SWIFT full text: \""Reduction of the share capital and face value of a single share. The number of the circulating shares remains unchanged. May include a capital pay-out to shareholder.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
share value decrease notification	""Notification of a reduction of the share capital and face value of a single share."	rel:definition	1
listed security identifier	a security identifier issued in the public domain and referred to in listings and other relevant publications	rel:definition	1
bullion physical delivery	Delivery of any precious metal.	rel:definition	1
notional step schedule	schedule of changes in the notional amount on which interest is paid, comprising the regular sequence of step events	rel:definition	1
securities issuance spv	An SPV set up specifically to issue securities.	rel:definition	1
share value decrease action	Reduction of the share capital and face value of a single share. The number of the circulating shares remains unchanged. May include a capital pay-out to shareholder.	rel:definition	1
price determination method	The way in which the price of something is determined or is to be determined.	rel:definition	1
unique swap identifier	a unique swap identifier (USI) is an identifier for a swap transaction, that is the CFTC term or Unique Trade Identifier (UTI) which is the term used more globally is an identifier on the transaction level that stays unique throughout the life of a trade	rel:definition	1
municipal bond capital type	the allocation of municipal bond proceeds	rel:definition	1
privately held company	A firm whose issued shares are all held by a family or a small group of investors and, therefore, cannot be bought by the public.	rel:definition	1
otc instrument	a financial instrument and bilateral contract that is not listed or traded on an organized exchange	rel:definition	1
lookback formula expression	An expression of a lookback formula	rel:definition	1
price spread specification	The specification of a price in terms of the difference between that price and some other paramater at that same point in time.	rel:definition	1
equities mixed basket	A basket which has a mix of constituents which are shares and equity indices.	rel:definition	1
consumer protection agency	Some agency tasked with regulating consumer protection in some jurisdiction.	rel:definition	1
commodities option	An option to buy or sell the future on some underlying commodity. The exercise is always to buy the underlying asset i.e. the future instrument NOT the underlying goods.	rel:definition	1
agreement	a negotiated and usually legally enforceable understanding between two or more legally competent parties	rel:definition	1
share buyback offer notification	"SWIFT extra text, presumably synonyms: \""Issuer bid; Reduction of circulation shares; Reverse Rights.\"" Scope: Shares only? The definition implies Shares but can this apply to Debt security. Issuer of debt securities could repurchase. In the case of Debt repurchase you would purchase the debt and then cancel the debt. Also RePo market - would this Notification be used and this action apply? No. SWIFT definition full text: \""Issuer bid; Reduction of circulation shares; Reverse Rights. Offer by Issuing company to existing shareholders to repurchase the company's own shares or other securities convertible into shares.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
share buyback offer notification	""Notification of an offer by the issuing company to existing shareholders to repurchase the company's own shares or other securities convertible into shares."	rel:definition	1
banking service	a financial service offered by a bank or similar depository institution, such as a cash management service, foreign exchange service, lending or credit service, investment service, insurance service, merchant service, payroll service, etc.	rel:definition	1
usd libor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for USD-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
securities pool	a pool of securities organized for the purpose of issuing notes against those securities	rel:definition	1
grd athibor telerate	the FpML floating interest index for GRD-ATHIBOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
basket of equities	a basket of securities that makes up an equities reference index	rel:definition	1
euro interbank offered rate	a daily interbank offered rate based on the averaged interest rates at which Eurozone banks offer to lend unsecured funds to other banks in the euro wholesale money market (or interbank market)	rel:definition	1
cash structured finance instrument price	When the price is above a certain level (70), you get a quote in reference to an index e.g. LIBOR+50bp i.e. the yield. When you get below a certain price you get a quote such as 65c to a dollar. Percentage? not seen. Would be a whole number, interpreted as c/$	rel:definition	1
government mortgage agency	An agency set up by a government for the purpose of issuing mortgages.	rel:definition	1
jpy tona ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TONA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
employed population	a subset of the civilian labor force considered to be employed during the reporting period	rel:definition	1
gross of fee performance determination method	Performance determined gross of fee. Review: Is this mutually exclusive with the other listed method? It sounds like it is not.	rel:definition	1
payment or interest payment action	The payment of some mandatory payment as defined in the contractual terms of the security, such as interst payment of amortization. this is income generated to the HOlder because of the security contract.	rel:definition	1
non agency mbs issuer	A party which is a non agency issuer of MBS securities. The identity of this party may be a bank or a specialist (non agency) mortgage company. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
extraordinary general meeting	Extraordinary General Meeting	rel:definition	1
exchange traded warrant	A warrant which is traded on a securities exchange.	rel:definition	1
temporal entity description	A direct description of some temporal entity, for example a date or date time. These are defined as simple types of thing (such as date), without recourse to some specification external to or additional to the provision of simple types.	rel:definition	1
building	A discrete construction on its own foundations or pilings.	rel:definition	1
entitlement	a financial instrument that provides the holder the privilege to subscribe to or to receive specific assets on terms specified	rel:definition	1
agency agreement	an agreement that designates a party as a registered agent to represent and act on behalf of another party in some, typically legal, financial, or medical capacity	rel:definition	1
jpy bbsf bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-BBSF-Bloomberg-10:00	rel:definition	1
amortization schedule	a schedule which specifies changes in the scheduled balance of loan principal over time	rel:definition	1
relationship manager	a responsible party who manages the client's account (or portfolio of accounts) and oversees their relationship with the service provider	rel:definition	1
fund investment restrictions set	Limitations that apply to the fund as a whole, such as risk factors. these are used to determine whether the fund is appropriate for a given type of investor to invest in.	rel:definition	1
religious corporation	a not for profit organization whose objective is specific to some fundamental set of beliefs and practices generally agreed upon by a number of people, and that is incorporated under the law	rel:definition	1
inr fbil mibor ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for INR-FBIL-MIBOR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
transferable contract	a contract in which the rights and obligations of one party (the holder) may be transferred to another party, which thereby takes on the same rights and obligations with respect to the other party to the contract	rel:definition	1
voting no action	Option for the account owner not to take part in the event. SWIFT: NOAC	rel:definition	1
abscdo instrument	CDO where the underlying asset pool is ABS.	rel:definition	1
notification event	A notification to the shareholders that therre is a corporate action out there. This is distinct from the CA itself. not the same as Event Announcement. There are steps between when the announcement happens and the rest Announcement: at the level of sub custodians. then you gether the people who are affected by the event that's to come. Then you send the announcement - a notification to the holder, informing them of the options that are available to them. If it's mandatory these distinctions still happen, but there is no choice. So still announcement is made, then when it effects people you send out notificaiton and collect responses. \"EVENT\": two aspects: The event itself Events within the Corporat eAction, e.g. notification, deadline when a responses is due by, payment dates, Define as: lifecycle of the Corporate Action. Sometimes have to re-notify, there may be changes in the life oc the \"Corporate Event\". So the Corporate Event is a sequence of events.	rel:definition	1
ability	The possession of the means to do a thing	rel:definition	1
code element	a sequence of characters, capable of identifying that with which it is associated for some purpose, within a specified context, i.e., a code set, according to a pre-established set of rules	rel:definition	1
derivatives delivery squaring off	Squaring off means taking a position opposite your initial one. For example, you square off the purchase of a gold futures contract by selling the identical contract.	rel:definition	1
contract originator	the party that originates the contract and acts as the principal in that contract regardless of the owner or counterparty	rel:definition	1
auto loan pool constituent	An auto loan defined as a constituent of an Auto Loan Pool.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor annual bond swap icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR EURIBOR-Annual Bond Swap vs 1m-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
conversion response	Response of the holder is to convert. SWIFT: Convert (CONV)	rel:definition	1
income accumulation	Accrued income is not distributed and instead remains reflected within the unit/share price.	rel:definition	1
consumer expenditure survey	a program conducted on a regular basis that provides information on the buying habits of consumers, including data on their expenditures, income, and consumer unit (families and single consumers) characteristics	rel:definition	1
aud aonia ois compound swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-AONIA-OIS-COMPOUND-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
lifecycle	an arrangement that compares the cyclical nature of families, organizations, processes, products, marketing, and order management, portfolio management or other systems with the cradle to grave life stages (birth, growth, maturity, decay, and death) of living organisms	rel:definition	1
fund administrator	Entity that has to fulfil the legal and supervisory requirements of the fund. Responsible for all the business purposes around the investment pool, and so is reponsible for the issuing of the shares.	rel:definition	1
ad hoc schedule entry	an entry, including a date, among multiple ad hoc schedule entries that jointly make up an AdHocSchedule	rel:definition	1
explicit date period	a date period for which the start date, end date, and duration are all explicit	rel:definition	1
explicit duration	a duration for which the 'hasDurationValue' property must be set	rel:definition	1
sicav	Societe Collective a Capital Variable	rel:definition	1
nzd bbr telerate	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-BBR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
manufactured home legal classification	a category indicating whether the covered loan is secured by a manufactured home only or with land as well	rel:definition	1
short term credit rating	A short term rating is a probability factor of an individual going into default within a year. This is in contrast to long-term rating which is evaluated over a long timeframe.	rel:definition	1
calculation period	a date period defined as the number of days from the start of the calculation period to the scheduled end date of the period	rel:definition	1
control	the possession by a party, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a thing, whether through the ownership of voting shares, by contract, or otherwise	rel:definition	1
control	The ability to direct the activities of a thing	rel:definition	1
equity index option underlying	The inderlying of the equity index option, which is a reference index consisting of shares.	rel:definition	1
prospectus terms set	A set of terms in a Prospectus which on issue will become the binding Contractual Terms of the Security. For example, Call Terms, Interest Payment Terms.	rel:definition	1
lifecycle event	a kind of event that occurs during one or more stages of a lifecycle	rel:definition	1
convertible bond	A Bond instrument which on maturity converts into an Equity instrument.	rel:definition	1
sgd sibor telerate	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SIBOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
equity forward transaction	A transaction in which one party commits at the present to delivery of an equity security or securities or cash equivalent in the future.	rel:definition	1
territory	A physical extent of land and water generally corresponding to the area claimed or governmed by some geopolitical entity. .	rel:definition	1
share underwriter	The party which agrees to buy any certificates that are not bought by investors Term origin:SR Modeling	rel:definition	1
explicit coupon schedule listing	Schedule of itemised coupon payment dates.	rel:definition	1
principal payment formula expression	The expression of the formula by which the payment of principal is formally described.	rel:definition	1
establishment population	a subset of the enterprise population focused on establishments	rel:definition	1
indexing scheme	system for indexing values, data, information, or knowledge	rel:definition	1
residential mbs	Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities, which are trust certificates (bonds) backed by a pool of residential mortgage loans.	rel:definition	1
equity fund	A fund which invests in at least 85% shares.	rel:definition	1
warrant holder	A holder of some warrant which when exercised would confer upon that party some de jure controlling interest in some entity.	rel:definition	1
cad isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-ISDA-Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
standardized equity option terms set	Standard terms for an equity option contract, determined in advance by the exchange. These will become terms of an individual equity option contract. These may be varied or overridden for individual contracts.	rel:definition	1
actively trading	Security is actively traded on the exchange or trading facility	rel:definition	1
credit protection commitment	The commitment in a Credit Defualt Swap, to protect against specified credit events.	rel:definition	1
holder disclosure message	An action by a holder to voluntarily disclose some information.	rel:definition	1
fx spot volatility	a measure of exchange rate fluctuation	rel:definition	1
percentage cav	Percentage specified as percent of CAV (Cumulative Average Value)	rel:definition	1
chf ois icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-OIS-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
duration description in calendar temporal unit	Duration Description for Durations that are denominated in Days, Months and Years only (these may be calendar days or business days).	rel:definition	1
eur eonia swap index	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-Swap-Index	rel:definition	1
interest rate option strike terms set	Terms for the exercise of the Interest Rate Option.	rel:definition	1
tranche rating at issue	The rating at issue of a tranche of a security. Note this is under review	rel:definition	1
futures trading account provider	The party which is the principal of the Futures contract. This is the party that sets the terms of the contract.	rel:definition	1
equity forward buyer	The party that buys this forwward contract, that is the party which pays for this instrument and receives the rights defined by it.	rel:definition	1
draft document part	A section or component of a document that is in draft; this is later to to be a part of a formal document. Ahead of formal release of that document this part may be originated, reviewed or managed as a separate information deliverable.	rel:definition	1
options exchange adjustment method	The trade will be adjusted according to ... exchange on which the options (??) are listed	rel:definition	1
illegal organization	A kind of organization which has been set up specifically to perform illegal acts or has become such	rel:definition	1
netting terms	"These terms are set out as text in the Sample Master Agreement and may be difficult (and unproductive) to model). Here they are: Example Text: \""Netting. If on any date amounts would otherwise be payable:- (i) in the same currency; and (ii) in respect of the same Transaction, by each party to the other, then, on such date, each partys obligation to make payment of any such amount will be automatically satisfied and discharged and, if the aggregate amount that would otherwise have been payable by one party exceeds the aggregate amount that would otherwise have been payable by the other party, replaced by an obligation upon the party by whom the larger aggregate amount would have been payable to pay to the other party the excess of the larger aggregate amount over the smaller aggregate amount. The parties may elect in respect of two or more Transactions that a net amount will be determined in respect of all amounts payable on the same date in the same currency in respect of such Transactions, regardless of whether such amounts are payable in respect of the same Transaction. The election may be made in the Schedule or a Confirmation by specifying that subparagraph (ii) above will not apply to the Transactions identified as being subject to the election, together with the starting date (in which case subparagraph (ii) above will not, or will cease to, apply to such Transactions from such date). This election may be made separately for different groups of Transactions and will apply separately to each pairing of Offices through which the parties make and receive payments or deliveries. \""	rel:editorialNote	1
netting terms	""Terms setting out how Netting may or may not take place and the Obligations on each party in respect of that Netting."	rel:definition	1
portfolio holding	the contents of holding of one or more portfolios of investments held by an individual investor or entity	rel:definition	1
national bank	a commercial bank whose charter is approved by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) rather than by a state banking department	rel:definition	1
attachment notification message	"Units usually comprise warrants and bond or warrants and equity. Securities may be combined at the request of the security holder or based on market convention. Examples of automatic ones: If you have a unit with warrants and the warrants expore, they would be detached immediately. Is there a Notification? They would have to break up the unit as the unit no longer exists. Have to deliver off the unit and put the bond back into the client's account or into you position as an operation. depositories would change the CUSIP from the Unit CUSIP to the Bond CUSIP. Who initiates? The issuer has to do this based on the terms. Attavhment and Detachment also applicable to TRahcnes in CDOs. At some point a tranch might attach at 6 and detach at 10% for example. This might be a corporate action as it is declared when the issue is created - the attachment and deta chment points are specified inthe prospectus for the deal and would not be seen as a corporate action. SWIFT full text: \""The combination of different security types to create a unit. Units are usually comprised of warrants and bond or warrants and equity. Securities may be combined at the request of the security holder or based on market convention.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
attachment notification message	""Notification of the combination of different security types to create a unit."	rel:definition	1
gbp libor isda	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-LIBOR-ISDA	rel:definition	1
written information	Some information which is written in some format (physical or electronic) and is or may be communicated in some way.	rel:definition	1
standardized commodity future terms set	Standard terms for a commodity futures contract, determined in advance by the exchange. These will become terms of an individual futures contract.	rel:definition	1
registered address site	An official Registered Address of a company, as registered with the appropriate Companies Registry for the jurisdiction in which the company is registered, and at which legal proceedings may be served upon the entity.	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement right to termination following default event	The Right to Terminate the Master Agreement Following an Event of Default.	rel:definition	1
principal	the value of an obligation, such as a bond or loan, raised and that must be repaid at maturity	rel:definition	1
futures greek	One of a set of measures about an option which is used to analyze the value or performance of that instrument.	rel:definition	1
treasury bill interest rate value	The value of a government short term debt security, or treasury bill, at a given point in time.	rel:definition	1
loan participation note facility	A facility formed as part of a LPN which can be drawn down by the borrower.	rel:definition	1
credit report request	the act of requesting a credit report from a credit report provider	rel:definition	1
credit inquiry type	a category indicating whether a credit inquiry is a result of a borrower's direct authorization or by some indirect means	rel:definition	1
swap terms	the legal contractual terms of a swap transaction	rel:definition	1
merchant service	a financial service provided by a financial institution to a merchant or other business, including but not limited to managing financial transactions via a secure channel	rel:definition	1
try annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for TRY-Annual Swap Rate-11:15-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
options clearing entity	An entity which is responsible for clearing transactions for put and call options on common stocks and other equity issues, stock indexes, foreign currencies, interest rate composites and single-stock futures.	rel:definition	1
protection buyer	The party which buys protection against a default on the Reference Obligation, from the Protection Seller.	rel:definition	1
basket constituent	a component of a basket	rel:definition	1
ufficiale	Meaning not known - Official price	rel:definition	1
fund unit distribution policy	Income policy relating to the unit, e.g. if income is paid out or retained in the fund and how this is treated, including distribution policy details for dividends and coupons.	rel:definition	1
low price	The lowest valuation over the period specified. Possibly but not necessarily based on a trade. Determined by the trading venue as to whether it's based on a trade or an offer. this can be regarded as a derived price. Price is based on a riule whil will cause one to pick a certain price type.	rel:definition	1
callable convertible bond	A Convertible Bond which is also callable.	rel:definition	1
conditions precedent	Conditions precedent on some obligation. These are conditions which would alter the Obligation as it is otherwise stated.	rel:definition	1
mortgage instrument weighted average remaining maturity	The weighted average of the time until all maturities on mortgages in a mortgage-backed security (MBS). The higher the weighted average to maturity, the longer the mortgages in the security have until maturity.	rel:definition	1
official closing price	The price at close of trading on a given trading day on an exchange.	rel:definition	1
state guarantor	A State, acting as Party to some participatory context such as issuance, guaranty provision.	rel:definition	1
average life	An estimate of the number of terms to maturity, taking the possibility of early payments into account. Average life is calculated using the weighted average time to the receipt of all future cash flows.	rel:definition	1
not for profit objective	an objective that reflects the charitable, educational, religious, humanitarian, public services, or other not for profit goals of an organization	rel:definition	1
calculation formula	a mathematical formula that transforms one or more inputs into an amount or number of something	rel:definition	1
default interest obligation	Obligation in respect of defaults in the performance of any payment obligation.	rel:definition	1
cds periodic payment schedule	The schedule of fixed amounts to be paid on specified payment dates.	rel:definition	1
international money market new zealand dollar trading date rule	a trading date rule defined as the last trading day of an Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) New Zealand (NZ) 90-Day Bank Accepted Futures and Options product, the first Wednesday after the ninth day of the relevant settlement month	rel:definition	1
economic transaction	Some exchange of some items of economic value between two parties (economic agents).	rel:definition	1
bonus issue notification	"These may be from current profits or may be from accumulated reserves of the company. SWIFT definition text: \""Attribution Gratuite (FR); Scrip Issue (GB); Capitalisation Issue. Security holders are awarded additional assets free of payment from the issuer in priportion to their holding.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
bonus issue notification	""Notification of event in which security holders are awarded additional assets free of payment from the issuer in proportion to their holding."	rel:definition	1
cnh hibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CNH-HIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle event	a kind of event that occurs during one or more stages of the lifecycle of a trade	rel:definition	1
purchase right	Anti-takeover device that gives a prospective acquirees shareholders the right to buy usually shares of the firm or shares of anyone who acquires the firm at a deep discount to their fair market value.	rel:definition	1
seniority	The seniority of a tranche of equity or debt. The precise implications of the different levels of seniority are defined for the instrument class in question.	rel:definition	1
fund structure	One of the different ways in which a Fund may be structured.	rel:definition	1
standardized exercise terms set	Standard exercise terms for an option contract, determined in advance by the exchange. These will become exercise terms of an individual option contract. These may be varied or overridden for individual contracts.	rel:definition	1
current employment statistics	a survey conducted on a regular basis that presents analytical information related to businesses and government agencies, in order to provide detailed industry data on employment, hours, and earnings of workers	rel:definition	1
security action	Some action taken with respect to some Security, by the Issuer of that security. THIS IS REDUNDANT	rel:definition	1
stake in fund	The holding of some portion in a fund, by some party. This stake will generally tak ethe form of some sort of unit in that fund.	rel:definition	1
institutional unit	a party that is capable, in its own right, of owning assets, incurring liabilities, and engaging in economic activities and in transactions with other parties	rel:definition	1
classifier	a standardized classification or delineation for something, per some scheme for such delineation, within a specified context	rel:definition	1
particular quantity	a property that is of an individual thing and is quantifiable as an instance of some quantity kind	rel:definition	1
nzd bbr isdc	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-BBR-ISDC	rel:definition	1
topographical location	Some physical two dimensional extent on the surface of some planet or natural satellite. Scope Note: The definition given in the FIBO Foundations specification for Physical Location defines some n- e.g. three dimensional space. This concept extends this to define a two dimensional extent on the Earth or other planets, moons etc. Scope Note: Potential specializations of this concept would include areographical locations (on Mars) and other planetographahical features. These are not in scope for FIBO but this abstraction has been included so that models which do explore that scope may be compatible with this model. Explanatory Note: Please refer to the discipline of topynymy for further details and possible extensions.	rel:definition	1
regulation identification scheme	a scheme for organizing information and allocating identifiers to regulations	rel:definition	1
capacity	The right to do a thing along with the actual e.g. physical ability to do that thing.	rel:definition	1
futures commission merchant	an individual or organization that which does both of the following: (1) solicits or accepts orders to buy or sell futures contracts, options on futures, retail off-exchange forex contracts, or swaps and (2) accepts money or other assets from customers to support such orders	rel:definition	1
formula argument	The Right Hand Side of the Formula.	rel:definition	1
fixed float cross currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap in which fixed interest payments on the notional are exchanged for floating interest payments and the two streams of interest payments are in different currencies	rel:definition	1
legal entity identifier registry entry	an entry in a legal entity identifier registry that conforms to ISO 17442 and the Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF) Common Data Format (CDF)	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
otc derivatives master agreement obligation	Obligation set out in some OTC Derivatives Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
undertaking event	Something which occurs at a point in time, at which a party makes some commitment to some other party.	rel:definition	1
general obligation municipal bond	A general obligation bond (GO) is issued by governmental entities and not backed by revenue from a specific project, such as a toll road. A general obligation bond is secured by an issuing government's pledge to use all available resources - even tax revenues - to repay holders of the bond.	rel:definition	1
contractually defined benefit	Some benefit from one party to the other party, defined in contractual terms.	rel:definition	1
trust fund trust	A trust which forms the basis for a fund.	rel:definition	1
usd ffcb disco	the FpML floating interest index for USD-FFCB-DISCO	rel:definition	1
pass through offering memorandum	The offering memorandum for a pass through MBS issue, setting out basic information about a future issue, for the information of prospective investors and their agents. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
commodity	a basic good used in commerce that is interchangeable with other commodities of the same type	rel:definition	1
entity legal form	a classifier for a legal entity that indicates the nature of that entity as defined from a legal or regulatory perspective, in the jurisdiction in which it was established	rel:definition	1
float float single currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap that exchanges cashflows based on two different floating interest rates in the same currency	rel:definition	1
national numbering agency	a registration authority responsible for issuing and managing National Securities Identifying Numbers for securities in accordance with the ISO 6166 standard in some jurisdiction (typically that of a country)	rel:definition	1
investment capital	Capital employed for some investment purpose Editorial Note: In one sense, all capital is by definition employed for some investment purpose and this is the meaning of capital. However, this model expresses the concept of capital at two levels of relative use: 1. Capital as an economic resource (something which can be seen to be of come value because it may be put to some purpose (\"Capital\") 2. Capital when described from the perspective of being used for the purposes for which capital is intended, i.e. investment (whether by a speculative investor, or from the perspective of an entrepreneur as in capitlizing an endeavor). This is given the label \"Investment Capital\" In day to day usage the word \"Capital\" ranges across both meanings.	rel:definition	1
quantified resource	An amount of something which is defined in terms of its use for some purpose.	rel:definition	1
asset underlier	an underlier consisting of one or more of a basket of securities, individual securities, or security indices	rel:definition	1
goods or services population	a statistical universe consisting of specific goods and/or services designed for the purposes of supporting surveys such as those used as the basis for price indices	rel:definition	1
sgd sonar ois vwap compound	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SONAR-OIS-VWAP-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
assimilation pari passu	Assimilation. Occurs when securities with different characteristics, eg, shares with different entitlements to dividend or voting rights, become identical in all respects, ie, pari-passu. SWIFT = PARI	rel:definition	1
social construct	Something which has its existence as a result of social interactions between and among people.	rel:definition	1
preferred coupon payment term set	Terms for payment of a Dividend on a Preferred Stock.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
subordinated mbs tranche	Specific kinds of tranche are modeled for example and investigation only and have been removed from the diagrams. These will be removed from the final model.	rel:definition	1
loan guarantor	Guarantor, that is the party which provides some guaranty for the loan.	rel:definition	1
inr reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for INR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
dtcc member	A firm which is a member of DTCC. Note: this Actor may perform any of the Roles described elsewhere in this Issuance model, i.e. the DTCC Member may also be any of the Actors defined. REVIEW: does this apply to ALL the defined Actor types?	rel:definition	1
debt yield to next call	The yield of a bond to the next possible call date.	rel:definition	1
credit default swap contract	In a credit default swap one party (the protection seller) agrees to compensate another party (the protection buyer) if a specified company or Sovereign (the reference entity) experiences a credit event, indicating it is or may be unable to service its debts. The protection seller is typically paid a fee and/or premium, expressed as an annualized percent of the notional in basis points, regularly over the life of the transaction or otherwise as agreed by the parties.	rel:definition	1
repudiation or moratorium	The reference entity, or a governmental authority, either refuses to recognise or challenges the validity of one or more obligations of the reference entity, or imposes a moratorium thereby postponing payments on one or more of the obligations of the reference entity.	rel:definition	1
dealer	any party that purchases goods or services for resale and acts on their own behalf in a transaction	rel:definition	1
guaranteed loan	Loan secured by guaranty.	rel:definition	1
derived price	Any price which is derived from some other source or calculation rather than being the price at which something actually traded or was quoted.	rel:definition	1
usd prime reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Prime-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
special assessment bond	An obligation payable from revenues of a special assessment. A special assessment is a charge imposed against a property in a particular locality because that property receives a special benefit by virtue of some public improvement, separate and apart from the general benefit accruing to the public at large. Special assessments may be apportioned according to the value of the benefit received, rather than merely the cost of the improvement.	rel:definition	1
usd cms telerate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CMS-Telerate	rel:definition	1
advanced refunding	A bond issuance in which new bonds are sold at a lower rate than outstanding ones. The proceeds are then invested, and when the older bonds become callable they are paid off with the invested proceeds.	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor hkab bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-HIBOR-HKAB-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
rights allocation ability	The ability to reallocate rights Similarly Authority is the authority to impose some duties on others. Someone has the right to carry out the authority that imposes duties on another person, or to command them to do it.	rel:definition	1
futures trading account holder	A party who has an account for futures trading at a derivatives exchange. Further notes: The trader opens an account with a given amount known as a margin.	rel:definition	1
swap	a derivative instrument that facilitiates the exchange financial instruments among the parties; the instruments can be almost anything, but most swaps involve cash flows (streams of payments or other commitments over time) based on a notional principal amount that both parties agree to	rel:definition	1
usd municipal swap libor ratio icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Municipal Swap Libor Ratio-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
usd cp	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CP-H.15	rel:definition	1
debt instrument yield	The return on the debt instrument at the stated price.	rel:definition	1
non cumulative preference share	Non Cumulative Preference Shares are preference shares where the payment of the fixed dividend, if not made in a given trading year, is not carried forward to the next trading year.	rel:definition	1
contractually conferred commitment	Some commitment which has its existence through some provision in some contract. Further notes: \"Contractual commitment\" has 2 tests: 1. It is certain in time [certainty is defined in some legal sense; there has to be some ability to terminate the contract] 2. there is some consideration Without these 2 tests passing, this is not recognized in law as a contractual commitment. so for instance a Will is not legally binding upon a person who is alive. (from Aus / commonwealth law) NB: Terminating: Not the termination of a contract in a Termination Clause but the termination of the life of the Obligation as set out in the contract.	rel:definition	1
parametric schedule	a regular, parameterized schedule typically used for the calculation of payments for coupons, dividends, and interest	rel:definition	1
standardized futures terms	A set of standard terms for futures contracts, as set out by the derivatives exchange. Futures contracts issued by and traded on that exchange will take on these terms or override them.	rel:definition	1
establishment	an enterprise (or part of an enterprise) that operates from a single physical location	rel:definition	1
cdo origination objective	The origin or motivation behind a CDO issue.	rel:definition	1
constitution	A constitution defines the basic principles and laws of a nation, state, or social group that determine the powers and duties of the government and guarantee certain rights to the people in it.	rel:definition	1
issue payment schedule	Schedule for partial payments of an issue.	rel:definition	1
legal proceeding status	The status of some legal proceeding at some point in time.	rel:definition	1
investment goal	A goal for which is to be achieved by investments within an investment institution.	rel:definition	1
cooperative society	a commercial enterprise owned and managed by and for the benefit of customers or workers	rel:definition	1
synechdocal thing	Something which represents one kind of thing when things are asserted about it that really relate to another kind of thing	rel:definition	1
non european economic area branch	a branch of a credit institution whose Head Office is in a third country	rel:definition	1
fdic registry entry	an entry in the FDIC institution directory, a repository of financial institution characteristics collected by the FDIC related to the institutions they insure	rel:definition	1
fee payment leg	The fee leg in a CDS contract	rel:definition	1
term deposit settlement terms	contractual terms for the settlement of a term deposit	rel:definition	1
partnership incorporated through agreement	a partnership which has legal personhood, but for which there is not some issuance of limited partner equity	rel:definition	1
loan application	A loan which is being applied for and has not yet been disbursed.	rel:definition	1
loan application	a request by a potential borrower to a potential lender to borrow money containing information used to decide whether to grant the loan	rel:definition	1
revolving credit contract	Contract which embodies and defines the terms and conditions for a credit line based on some collaterial, which can be drawn down and/or paid back by the borrower.	rel:definition	1
master agreement obligation	Obligation set out in some Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
quantified raw material	Some measured or quantified amount of some raw material. Scope Note: This is a kind of economic resource i.e. it may be bought or sold or exchanged, or put to work in some process.	rel:definition	1
clean price	A bond or debt instrument price that does not include accrued interest.	rel:definition	1
usd ois ny icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-OIS-11:00-NY-ICAP	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
functional entity	any independent party (i.e., person, business entity, governmental entity, or other organization) defined in terms of its function	rel:definition	1
eur euribor basis swap icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR EURIBOR-Basis Swap-3m vs 6m-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
revenue bond	A revenue bond is a municipal bond supported by the revenue from a specific project, such as a toll bridge, highway or local stadium. Revenue bonds are municipal bonds that finance income-producing projects and are secured by a specified revenue source. Typically, revenue bonds can be issued by any government agency or fund that is managed in the manner of a business, such as entities having both operating revenues and expenses.	rel:definition	1
exercise action	Some action in which spome party decides to exercise some option or some optionality concept.	rel:definition	1
fixed interest expression	Expression of the value of a fixed interest amount.	rel:definition	1
usd isdafix swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-ISDAFIX3-Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
reference index	a market rate that measures change in the values of some basket of securities or other indices, such as economic indices over time	rel:definition	1
cad ba cdor bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-BA-CDOR-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
traded security published price	The price of a tradable security.	rel:definition	1
pool paydown rate	The rate at which the pool is paying down. This is based on observed factor. CPR, SMM, etc. etc. Measured differently for different kinds of security. CBO might have a prepayment rate for example if the underlying bond is callable. with a non agency mortgge dela, defualts will effect this. so for instance there is principal is no lnger inthe pool because the mortgagee defaults. With agency these are not taken out in the case of default but for non agency these mortgages are removed from the pool if and when a mortgagee defualts.	rel:definition	1
central securities depository	a functional entity that provides a central point for depositing financial instruments ('securities'), for example bonds and shares	rel:definition	1
partial call	a call of part of the issue	rel:definition	1
basket of indices	a basket made up of market indices	rel:definition	1
conferred social construct	Some social construct that is conferred on some autonomous entity	rel:definition	1
post merger securities exchange notification	"Cash payments may accompany share exchange. Note that the event to which this applies was labeled \""Merger\"" in source material but refers to the exchange of securities following a merger, not the merger itself. SWIFT full definition \""Mandatory or voluntary exchange of an outstanding securities as the result of two or more companies combining assets. Cash payments may accompany share exchange.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
post merger securities exchange notification	""Notification of mandatory or voluntary exchange of outstanding securities as the result of two or more companies combining assets."	rel:definition	1
common share in fund	A share unit in a fund, which is classified as a Common Share class.	rel:definition	1
listed security	a registered security listed on a specific exchange	rel:definition	1
company secretary	Officer appointed by the directors of a firm as responsible for ensuring that firm's legal obligations under the corporate legislation are complied with. His or her formal duties include (1) calling meetings, (2) recording minutes of the meetings, (3) keeping statutory record books, (4) proper payment of dividend and interest payments, and (5) proper drafting and execution of agreements, contracts, and resolutions. A company secretary is not automatically an employee of the firm and, if employed with executive responsibilities, not be its director shareholder. If a firm has only two directors, one may act as its secretary; but a sole director may not. A firm (such as of accountants) may not act as a company secretary for any firm. Called corporate secretary in the US.	rel:definition	1
dividend option	Distribution of a dividend to shareholder with the choice of payment method. Shareholder must choose the form of payment - stock, cash, or both.	rel:definition	1
commitment to fund	a commitment that obliges the lender to provide funds pursuant to a loan contract	rel:definition	1
muni issue underwriter	The party which agrees to buy any certificates that are not bought by investors Term origin:DTCC	rel:definition	1
alienable right	A right which can be taken away from the entity that holds it	rel:definition	1
cny semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
credit repository	a credit reporting agency that is a clearinghouse for information on the credit rating of individuals or firms	rel:definition	1
price analytic	Information that is about prices, rather than actually being a price.	rel:definition	1
contract document	a written document, whether physical or electronic, which sets out the formal terms and conditions of some written contract	rel:definition	1
foreign exchange option leg	A standard FX OTC option (European or American) which may be a complete trade in its own right or part of a trade strategy. FpML A type that is used for describing a standard FX OTC option (European or American) which may be a complete trade in its own right or part of a trade strategy.	rel:definition	1
ordinance	An authoritative rule or law; a decree or command; a public injunction or regulation, such as a city ordinance against excessive horn blowing. (Source: Dictionary.com)	rel:definition	1
municipal bond issuance process information	Information specific to the Issuance of a Municipal Bond.	rel:definition	1
amount of money	a sum of money	rel:definition	1
call option contract	Contracts between a buyer and a seller giving the buyer (holder) the right, but not the obligation, to buy the assets specified at a fixed price or formula, on or before a specified date. The seller of the call option assumes the obligation of delivering the assets specified should the buyer exercise his option.	rel:definition	1
canadian households consumers universe	a statistical universe consisting of all private households in Canada, with the exception of soldiers on military bases, people living on First Nations reserves, institutionalized persons, and households living in the rural areas of the three northern territories	rel:definition	1
date	a calendar day on some calendar	rel:definition	1
lei registered entity	a legal person that has registered for and is identified by a legal entity identifier	rel:definition	1
fund portfolio investment policy	Intended allocation of the portfolio to meet the stated investment strategy and goals.	rel:definition	1
identifier	sequence of characters, capable of uniquely identifying that with which it is associated, within a specified context	rel:definition	1
capital productivity value added	a ratio of a quantity index of value added to a quantity index of capital input	rel:definition	1
passport	a document, issued by a national government, which certifies the identity and nationality of its holder for the purpose of international travel	rel:definition	1
operating expense	Operating Overheads	rel:definition	1
price specification	The specification of a price, that is some formal and actionable definition of the value in exchange of some item.	rel:definition	1
organization strategy	Strategy which is organization based.	rel:definition	1
jump trigger event	The event which triggers the Jump Z	rel:definition	1
cashflow expression	an expression that specifies a calculation of a cash flow as a component of a cashflow formula	rel:definition	1
exchange opening price	The value at the beginning of trading or opening of the market.	rel:definition	1
swap stream interest payment schedule	parametric schedule of payment dates	rel:definition	1
organization identification scheme	an identification scheme dedicated to the unique identification of organizations	rel:definition	1
contact information	a way to make contact with a person or organization for a particular reason regarding something.  The details may be role-specific, so the information cannot always go on the individual or organization	rel:definition	1
yield calculation method	The method by which the yield is calculated. This includes a formula for calculation and a specific day count convention and compounding. You would apply this calculation method on top of the underlying terms and conditions, do for example the holiday calenders and so on, are used in these formulae. For final cash flow: Japanese yield will round down accrued interest. Add: The actual underlying math. Wall Street uses the same ICMA formula.	rel:definition	1
collateral	Assets pledged in the provision of debt or loan products or securities.	rel:definition	1
contingent right	Some right conferred by some contract or by law.	rel:definition	1
zar quarterly swap rate tradition reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-Quarterly Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
automated underwriting system	a software sytstem that produces loan underwriting decisions	rel:definition	1
public record category	a particular classification of public record, e.g. tax lien, wage garnishment, foreclosure	rel:definition	1
debenture	A type of debt instrument that is not secured by physical asset or collateral. Debentures are backed only by the general creditworthiness and reputation of the issuer. Both corporations and governments frequently issue this type of bond in order to secure capital. Like other types of bonds, debentures are documented in an indenture.	rel:definition	1
income from operations	Gross Profit	rel:definition	1
reverse mortgage	Designed for senior citizens who want to borrow against the equity of house. The house has been paid for. How is it different?: Scenario based. If you have someone who is asset rich but cash poor then a traditional view of the mortgage wqould say yoiu must have th ecash to repay the loan, which would not apply in this case: we actually don't anticipate that you would repay it, maybe not even regular amounts on the loan, but when the loan expires, e.g. when you die, we will recover on the asset in the normal course of events. Not seen as a default but is an expectation that we will recover our funds. See Wikipedia. AKA Lifetime morgtage, seniores (age xxx or older) to release the home equity.	rel:definition	1
cash issuer	The issuer and underwriter of cash. This takes the form of some Central Bank.	rel:definition	1
investor	a party that owns some stake in some organization by way of investment	rel:definition	1
zar deposit safex	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-DEPOSIT-SAFEX	rel:definition	1
funds cash distribution	Accrued income is distributed periodically to the investor.	rel:definition	1
swap party	a party to a swap and therefore a legal party to the contract that embodies that transaction	rel:definition	1
london interbank offered rate	a benchmark interbank offered rate that the most creditworthy international banks charge each other for large, short-term loans	rel:definition	1
competitive sale method	No definition	rel:definition	1
gbp isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-ISDA-Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
gas commodity	Combustible hydrocarbon in gasous phase.	rel:definition	1
loan interest payment commitment	A commitment by the borrower of a loan to pay interest on that loan or on amounts of that loan.	rel:definition	1
loan regulatory requirement	A regulatory requirement defined in regulations by a comsumer credit act or other legislation.	rel:definition	1
call notification provision	a provision of a call feature defining notification requirements	rel:definition	1
partnership	venture in which two or more legal entities carry out some business activities under a common identity	rel:definition	1
forward contract	A cash market transaction in which a seller agrees to deliver a specific cash commodity to a buyer at some point in the future.	rel:definition	1
voluntary corporate action	An event with some choice on the part of the Holder.	rel:definition	1
otc option contract	Exotic options traded on the over-the-counter market, where participants can choose the characteristics of the options traded.	rel:definition	1
statistical program	a publication program that presents a detailed investigation and analysis of a subject or situation involving one or more studies or surveys	rel:definition	1
spread	The difference between two parameters that may vary over time, such as prices or rates.	rel:definition	1
construction loan milestone terms set	An agreed point at which an amount is advanced to the lender on completion of some pre-agreed scope of works on the construction.	rel:definition	1
influence based de facto controlling party	A party which exercises some influence and control over the entity other than by means of investment.	rel:definition	1
index based coupon bond	A security where the coupon payments fluctuate according to an \"Index\" in the sense of non Interest rate e.g. inflation rate, GDP.	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle stage	a phase in a product lifecycle	rel:definition	1
private offering	an offering for the sale of stocks, bonds, or other investments directly to an institutional or other qualified investor	rel:definition	1
difference	The difference between two numerical parameters.	rel:definition	1
nzd semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
cross currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap in which the two streams of interest payments are in different currencies	rel:definition	1
natural person	A person of maturity who in the eyes of the law is able to assume obligations.	rel:definition	1
holder response to choice	Instructions consequent upon notifications. Instruction messages - some of these are responses to notifications. May be MT 565 related - has consent Yes, consent No, no action, accept shares, accept cash and securities etc. There are also ones that can be initiated by holders (not in this process step) such as puts. These can be presented without a notification previously having been sense. These are the ones we deided not to classify as \"Corporate Actions\" as these can be initiated by the holder. As such these are an instruction rather than a notification.	rel:definition	1
race	a category based on a person's physical characteristics, such as bone structure and skin, hair, or eye color	rel:definition	1
cds physical settlement	Physical settlement is where you deliver the reference obligation (e.g.a bond) itself. Deifnition Origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
oil commodity	Oil as a commodity.	rel:definition	1
transaction confirmation	written communication from a seller or service provider reciting the relevant details of a transaction	rel:definition	1
federated sovereignty	a political entity characterized by a union of partially self-governing states or regions under a central (federal) government	rel:definition	1
explicit recurrence interval	a recurrence interval defined via an explicit duration	rel:definition	1
holder event	A CAE event relating to actions on the part of the holder.	rel:definition	1
jpy tsr reuters	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TSR-Reuters-10:00	rel:definition	1
absolute price strike specification	Expression of the strike price as an absolute monetary price at which the option is to be struck.	rel:definition	1
duty	some obligation which exists and is imposed on some individual	rel:definition	1
balance sheet asset balance	A balance sheet entry representing some asset of the entity.	rel:definition	1
how submitted	a category indicating whether the applicant or borrower submitted the application for the covered loan directly to the reporting financial institution	rel:definition	1
option transaction party	The party to an Option transaction.	rel:definition	1
joint controlling party	Some group of entities which collectively are able to direct the affairs of some business organization	rel:definition	1
loan payment schedule	The schedule for payments made by the borrower.	rel:definition	1
thb sor telerate	the FpML floating interest index for THB-SOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
fx forward contract	A agreement to deliver and settle a given amount of currency in one currency, in exchange for a given amount in another currency, at an agreed date in the future and at an agreed rate of exchange.	rel:definition	1
controlling party	Party which exercises some form of control in some context.	rel:definition	1
polity	a legal person that is a supranational entity, crown, state, or subordinate civil authority, such as a province, prefecture, county, municipality, city, or district representing the people of that entity	rel:definition	1
super senior cdo tranche	A tranche at the very top of a CDO Issue.	rel:definition	1
cash asset backed security instrument	An asset-backed security is a type of bond or note that is based on pools of assets, or collateralized by the cash flows from a specified pool of underlying assets. Assets are pooled to make otherwise minor and uneconomical investments worthwhile, while also reducing risk by diversifying the underlying assets.	rel:definition	1
contractual transaction	An economic transaction which has some contractual basis.	rel:definition	1
cds contingent delivery terms	The settlement of a CDS deal in the event that the events specified in the Contingent Leg of the deal take place.	rel:definition	1
myr klibor bnm	the FpML floating interest index for MYR-KLIBOR-BNM	rel:definition	1
responsible party	a party to which some responsibility has been given	rel:definition	1
ownership and control	The intersection of ownership and control reflects the unique case where an independent party both owns and controls another independent thing.	rel:definition	1
geographical area	A named and formally defined area of the world defined in terms of its physical extent. Scope Note: A Geographical Area is both a Geographical Feature (some named physical location on Earth) and a Geophysical Location (having two-dimensional extent on the Earth's surface).	rel:definition	1
delegated legal authority	institutionalized and legal power inherent in a particular job, function, or position that is meant to enable its holder to successfully carry out his or her responsibilities, where such power has been delegated through some formal means	rel:definition	1
court decision subsequent meeting	Meeting following a court decision.	rel:definition	1
money market future underlying	The money market instrument which is the underlying of a Money Market Futures contract.	rel:definition	1
probability of default	The probability of some default on some obligation.	rel:definition	1
options vega	A measure of the rate of change in an option's theoretical value for a one-unit change in the volatility assumption. Action: add terms that define or influence this.	rel:definition	1
regulation	a rule used to carry out a law	rel:definition	1
marine finance	A loan for the purchase of a boat or other vessel.	rel:definition	1
gbp sonia ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-SONIA-OIS-4:15-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
class action proposed settlement event	Proposed settlement to a class action filing. Situation where interested parties seek restitution for financial loss.	rel:definition	1
investment credit rating	The creditworthiness of an investment as determined by a Ratings Agency. Further notes: Anything can be bought and sold can have a rating. Credit rating can be assigned to an instrument, an organization, even a person. The rating is assigned to any kind of instrument that the organization etc. issues. Use Wikipedia credit rating definition Long term, short term and generic ratings The rating differentiates between short and long term (not sure about generic). In all systems these are differentiated. This relates to how long the holder might hold the thing. Or does it? The agencies offer two different servies and you pay 2 different fees for short and long. ACTION: to find The codes themselves are different. So it's not AAA etc. for short term it's something else. so the thing we've been thinking about is actually long term ratings.	rel:definition	1
et option premium	The amount that is paid for an option. That's for the whole contract. Units: The premium is a monetary amount; the rate is a percentage.	rel:definition	1
pvbp	Sensitivity of the price for one basis point change in yield, defined as the difference in price given 1 bp change in yield.	rel:definition	1
cny semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
usd federal funds bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Federal Funds-H.15-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
repofunds rate germany ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for REPOFUNDS RATE-GERMANY-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
statutory regulator	Some regulatory body set up under some law, for the purposes of statutory regulation and reporting.	rel:definition	1
eur tec cno swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TEC5-CNO-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
lookback strike terms	Strike terms in which the value of some observed variable (the underlying) is looked back at during some period, typically a period ending in the maturity of the Option, and the payoff is determined by comparing the agreed strike with the value of this variable.	rel:definition	1
electronic funds transfer service	a service involving any transfer of funds other than a transaction involving a paper instrument, that is initiated through an electronic terminal, telephone, or computer and that orders or authorizes a financial institution to debit or credit an account	rel:definition	1
idr sor telerate	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-SOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
deliverable underlier	The Underlying of a Derivatives Contract, which may also be delivered on exercise or expiry of that contract.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap eurex lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-6M EURIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
fractional price quotation	Price is quoted as a fraction.	rel:definition	1
enterprise	a functional business entity that produces and/or sells goods or services	rel:definition	1
restricted percentage value	A type defining a percentage specified as decimal from 0 to 1. A percentage of 5% would be represented as 0.05. The maximum value is 100%, i.e., 1.	rel:definition	1
synthetic debt instrument pool funding asset	An asset which provides the funding for a synthetic debt instrument pool, as used in a synthetic CDO.	rel:definition	1
synthetic debt instrument pool funding asset	From April 28 review session: CDS mechanization: Q: Are the CDS taken out on the constituents of the (non owned) pool or on some other instrument? A: There is funding to underpin the pool. The funding may be high grade debt or may be low grade. There is an undedrlying source of funds. then you swap (using CDS) into other risks. so I might lend to a government institution, and then sell protection against a whole series of corporates. So I've taken the high quality portfolio and added other risks to it. Or the other way round. conclusions:	rel:definition	1
student loan contract	The contract for a Student Loan.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor act bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EURIBOR-Act/365-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
security holder	a party that holds a transferable contract (security), and has the rights defined in that contract	rel:definition	1
ordinary general meeting	Ordinary General Meeting SWIFT = OMET	rel:definition	1
bullet bond	A bond where the principal is paid off in a single payment on the scheduled maturity date.	rel:definition	1
bonus issue	Event in which security holders are awarded additional assets free of payment from the issuer in proportion to their holding. These may be from current profits or may be from accumulated reserves of the company.	rel:definition	1
contractual agreement	An agreement which is formalized by a contract between two parties to the agreement.	rel:definition	1
disclosure message	"The message modeled here is the message in which the disclosure is made. Individual types of disclosure are not modeled and may vary across jurisdictions. A fact about the disclosure is the regulation under which it was required to be made. Another fact is the disclosing party, that is the holder or beneficial owner. Note that in the Business Entities ontology, beneficial ownership is modeled separately from control ownership. This type of message may result from formal requirements placed upon either. SWIFT Full text: \""Requirement under some regulations for holders or beneficial owners to disclose\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
disclosure message	""Disclosure of some fact or facts, by the holder of some security, as a result of some formal requirement imposed upon holders or beneficial owners under some applicable regulation."	rel:definition	1
stock balance	Balance of stock in trade.	rel:definition	1
php semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for PHP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
cds contingent transaction settlement	Settlement for the transaction agreed in the CDS, which takes place if the Credit Event takes place. This is the payment as agreed by the Protection Seller, who becomes the buyer of the Deliverable Obligation. Deifnition Origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
financial securities secondary market transaction	A Transaction in which some negotiable security is provided in exchange for some Consideration.	rel:definition	1
aud bbr bbsy bid	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-BBR-BBSY (BID)	rel:definition	1
contingent transaction commitment	A commitment which is agreed in advance but which only comes into force on the occurrence of some pre-agreed event.	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle stage	a phase in the lifecycle of a trade	rel:definition	1
criminal law	The body of law that defines conduct that is not allowed because it is held to threaten, harm or endanger the safety and welfare of people, and that sets out the punishments to be imposed on people who do not obey these laws.	rel:definition	1
ex post notification	Notification of an event that is expected or unexpected and has happened.	rel:definition	1
fixed float single currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap in which fixed interest payments on the notional are exchanged for floating interest payments and where both payment streams are expressed in terms of the same currency	rel:definition	1
bonus rights issue notification	Notification of a Bonus Rights Issue, that is a Rights Issue in which the rights are given to the holders of the referenced shares for free.	rel:definition	1
law	a system of rules and guidelines which are enforced through social institutions to govern behavior	rel:definition	1
equity valuation calculation agent	The entity which carries out the valuation of an asset underlying an equity forward or option, or from which the valuation of the underlying is to be taken.	rel:definition	1
equity conversion terms	Contractual specifications when an Equity security can be converted to another security (usually of the same issuer).	rel:definition	1
callable bond	A bond with call provisions, or callable bond, is a bond that can be redeemed by the issuer prior to its maturity.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
financial market information	Information about the financial markets, that is published by some publisher or data vendor.	rel:definition	1
instrument weighted average remaining maturity	The weighted average of the time until all maturities on loans in a mortgage-backed or asset backed security. The higher the weighted average to maturity of the loans, the longer the loans in the security have until maturity.	rel:definition	1
shareholder precedence right	The rights of shareholderes in respect of the assets of the limited company in which they hold those shares, in the event of that company being wound up.	rel:definition	1
bond bullet principal repayment terms set	Terms for payment of Principal as a single amount of payment of the full Principal.	rel:definition	1
derivatives delivery cash	Cash settlement involves paying the difference between the futures price and the spot price of the underlying asset	rel:definition	1
name	Some text or sounds by which an autonomous entity may be known and which is used to refer to it.	rel:definition	1
measure	an amount or degree of something; the dimensions, capacity, or amount of something ascertained by measuring	rel:definition	1
position	an investor's stake, i.e., a holding, in a particular asset (such as an individual security)	rel:definition	1
property asset	A physical property (building) regarded as an asset.	rel:definition	1
unique trade identifier	a globally unique identifier for a trade, unique to the transaction known to and used by all relevant parties, as required by various regulatory agencies around the world	rel:definition	1
securities offering	an offering of a security (or securities) for sale	rel:definition	1
joint stock company	1. In the UK, the original (17th century) name for a corporation in which the liability of the owners is limited to the nominal value of the stock (shares) held by them.\n2. In the US, a corporation with unlimited liability for the shareholders. Investors in a US joint stock company receive stock (shares) which can be transferred, and can elect a board of directors, but are jointly-and-severally liable for companys debts and obligations. A US joint stock company cannot hold title to a real property.	rel:definition	1
cad ba reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-BA-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
projected value	The value is some projected future value.	rel:definition	1
option payout terms	Terms governing the payout on an option. These formally define the commitment(s) entered into by the writing party to the option.	rel:definition	1
decimal price quotation	The price is quoted in decimal	rel:definition	1
client	a party that purchases professional services from, or has a formal relationship to purchase services from another party	rel:definition	1
loan offer	a generic loan product offered to the public, or a specific offer tailored to particular circumstances aimed at one potential borrower	rel:definition	1
sgd sor vwap reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SOR-VWAP-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
ils telbor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for ILS-TELBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
corporate filing obligation	The obligation to file reports on the Incorporated Company as defined by the jurisdiction under which it is constituted.	rel:definition	1
traded option principal	The principal to the Traded Option contract. THis is the party which gives the other party the right to take up the obligation, and which is obliged to honor that transaction if that option is taken up.	rel:definition	1
executive branch	the branch of government that has its authority and responsibility for the daily administration of the state	rel:definition	1
tax law	A law or body of law pertaining to the liability for and payment of tax by persons or legal entities which are subject to the jurisdiction covered by that law.	rel:definition	1
third party corporate action originator message	Message from a third party, notifying holders of a third party action.	rel:definition	1
cds cash settlement quotation method	The specification of the type of quotation rate to be obtained from each cash settlement reference bank. Further notes: For example, Bid, Offer or Mid-market. FpML Definition: The specification of the type of quotation rate to be obtained from each cash settlement reference bank.	rel:definition	1
gbp usd basis swaps icap	the FpML floating interest index for GBP USD-Basis Swaps-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
debenture securitization conditions	Terms, if any, by which a Debenture is secured. This is a description of the properties by which it is secured, being those not otherwise pledged.	rel:definition	1
tranched mbs deal transaction	The deal transaction by which the MBS Issue is issued to primary investors. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
civil law system	a legal system originating in Europe, intellectualized within the framework of late Roman law, and whose most prevalent feature is that its core principles are codified into a referable system which serves as the primary source of law	rel:definition	1
payroll service	a financial service, typically provided to small businesses that are not large enough to have an internal finance organization, that involves managing payment of wages to employees	rel:definition	1
cash or nothing payout commitment	A commitment to pay out on a binary option, as cash or nothing.	rel:definition	1
otc contract settlement terms	settlement terms specific to an over-the-counter agreement	rel:definition	1
potential agency mbs issuer	The entity which will become the issuing party for the pass through MBS Issue. This entity is the principal actor in most of the activities involved in the issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
bonus share plan distribution notification	"These are are considered as a capital distribution rather than a disbursement of income, with different tax implications. Typically found in Australia. SWIFT full text: \""Typically found in Australia, shares are issued from the Share Premium Reserve of the company and are considered as a capital distribution rather than a disbursement of income, with different tax implications.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
bonus share plan distribution notification	""Notification of issue of shares from the Share Premium Reserve of the company."	rel:definition	1
date determination terms set	Terms setting out how to determine dates in the future.	rel:definition	1
net asset value calculation method	Parameters for the calculation of the net asset value for an investment fund/fund class.	rel:definition	1
venue	A place where something happens, described in the context of the event or activity that occurs there	rel:definition	1
instrumentality	some law or contract which is instrumental in the existence of some recognized construct such as a restriction	rel:definition	1
hkd isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-ISDA-Swap Rate-11:00	rel:definition	1
broker dealer	An entity which may become a primary investor in the issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
securities restriction	a legal restriction that is applicable to a financial instrument or security listing as mandated in a law or by contract	rel:definition	1
debt instrument analytical parameter	Parameter describing some aspect of the behaviour of a debt instrument, that may vary over time.	rel:definition	1
credit message type	a particular kind of credit message	rel:definition	1
statutory responsibility	an obligation which is defined under some body of law (statute)	rel:definition	1
capitalization issue notification	Notification of an issue which increases the capital base of the company.	rel:definition	1
security offering sale method	Method for sale of a new security offering.	rel:definition	1
usd cd reference dealers	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CD-Reference Dealers	rel:definition	1
aspect viewing party	The party from the perspective of which the aspect is defined.	rel:definition	1
mbs deal	The issue of a series of Mortgage Backed Security certificates.	rel:definition	1
drawing	Redemption in part before the scheduled final maturity date of a security.	rel:definition	1
fixed rate interest calculation	calculation of the amount of interest due in a given period on a fixed rate IR swap leg	rel:definition	1
time weighted rate of return performance determination method	Time weighted rate of return.	rel:definition	1
lifecycle occurrence	a realization of a lifecycle	rel:definition	1
payment	An activity in which one actor makes a payment to another actor for some reason.	rel:definition	1
allotment information	Information about the allotment of quantities of the issue to different subscribers. This relates a single instrument allotment against the subscription amounts allotted to each Subscriber.	rel:definition	1
controlled amortization structure	a method of providing investors with a relatively predictable repayment schedule, even though the underlying assets are nonamortizing	rel:definition	1
covariance leg terms	A statistical leg based on covariance. REVIEW: This kmight specify the same kind of thing as Correlation Leg using different mathematics / different legal terms (in which case we need to model it as a different thing even though to the investor it has the same rationale and behavior. The relative movement of one thing to the other over a period of time. So this adds a time base to the Correlation calculation. difference with Correelation: The time base in correlation swap is implicit anyway (it's the duration of the contract. so Covariance is what allows you to explan x% of the vaqriabiltiy of the price of this asset with relation to that asset.	rel:definition	1
holder initiated instruction	A message being an instruction by the holder of some security, made not in response to come choice offered by the issuer, but made on the holder's own initiative.	rel:definition	1
registry identifier	an identifier associated with an entry in a registry, i.e., one that provides an index to the registry for the identified item	rel:definition	1
japanese compound yield calculation method	No definition in selection list.	rel:definition	1
regulatory entity	Some entity which has some regulatory function.	rel:definition	1
statistical information publisher	a publisher that publishes statistical information	rel:definition	1
not for profit organization	an organization that uses its surplus revenues to further achieve its purpose or mission, rather than distributing its surplus income to the organization's owners (directors, investors, or equivalents) as profit or dividends	rel:definition	1
european exercise convention	A feature of an option that stipulates that the option may only be exercised a stated Exercise Date. Therefore, there can be no early assignment with this type of option.	rel:definition	1
regulatory service	a service provided by a regulatory agency, which may include, but not be limited to, examination, monitoring, supervision, testing, or other capabilities required to ensure the integrity, fairness, safety, or other capacity of a given industry, organization, or product	rel:definition	1
corporate bond issuer	a corporation acting in the capacity of an issuer	rel:definition	1
swap stream interest calculation	calculation of the interest due	rel:definition	1
call window	an explicit period of time prior to a call date during which an issuer or agent must give notice to holders	rel:definition	1
adjustment method	The method by which something is adjusted, for example the terms of a contract, in reaction to events.	rel:definition	1
value	A Value is an immutable piece of information without a specific lifetime or identity independent of the properties that have such a value as their subject.  Subtypes of Value are intended to include semantic, business relevant types that are not independent, mediating or relative things. Value is not intended to be used directly (a concept known as \"abstract\" in other languages such as UML), but is intended to have subclasses that are used in domain models.\nAll explicit triples which have a value instance as their subject (with the exception of annotations) are defined as part of the identity of the value instance. The set of such properties should be treated as immutable (not changed once the value is defined). All instances of Value with the same set of properties may be treated as equivalent. Note that while the above is not directly expressible in OWL, the above constraints and semantics of values are asserted by this specification.	rel:definition	1
value	Any value, stated as a number.	rel:definition	1
debt security quote price	A price quoted for purchase or sale of a quantity of a debt security in the marketplace. This may be either the OTC market or a securities exchange or a composite market consisting of several exchanges or trading facilities.	rel:definition	1
credit rating scheme	The scheme which defines what rating codes exist and what judgements each one represents, as defined by the Rating agency.	rel:definition	1
forward cash settlement terms set	'This is the second of the two currency flows that define a single leg of a standard foreign exchange transaction.'	rel:definition	1
regulatory capacity	the capacity of some natural person to regulate some industry, organization, or product by virtue of some certification program on behalf of some regulatory agency	rel:definition	1
reporting party	a party providing a report, typically in response to some contractual, legal, regulatory or other business requirement	rel:definition	1
refunding purpose	A procedure whereby an issuer refinances outstanding bonds by issuing new bonds.	rel:definition	1
investment service	a financial service designed to assist investors in using capital to create more money, either through income-producing vehicles or through more risk-oriented ventures to result in capital gains, including but not limited to providing investment advice, asset and portfolio management, brokerage services, and so forth	rel:definition	1
unconditional privilege	The liberty to do something.	rel:definition	1
eur libor bba	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
uri	A uniform resource identifier (URI) is a string of characters used to identify a name or a web resource.	rel:definition	1
senior cdo tranche	The most senior tranche of the CDO issue. Typically rated A to AAA. If there are defaults or the CDO's collateral otherwise underperforms, scheduled payments to senior tranches take precedence over those of mezzanine tranches.	rel:definition	1
published price	The price of some financial instrument on some market, published by some agent, in some suitable format.	rel:definition	1
primary security offering distribution	The original sale of a company's securities, in which the proceeds from the sale are received directly by the company.	rel:definition	1
bond default event	Non payment of interest or non payment of debt principal when due.	rel:definition	1
usd index high grade	the FpML floating interest index for USD-S&P Index-High Grade	rel:definition	1
investment home loan	A loan for a second or subsequent property which is taken out for investment purposes.	rel:definition	1
primary federal regulator	the primary federal regulator for an institution as defined by the National Information Center (NIC) registry	rel:definition	1
bond put redemption	Early redemption of a bond at the election of the bondholder subject to the terms and condition of the issue.	rel:definition	1
partially paid issuance schedule	A Schedule for partial payments of an issue.	rel:definition	1
loan principal repayment terms	Terms governing the repayment of principal of the loan.	rel:definition	1
termination provisions	Formal terms setting out how the written contract may be terminated and what happens when it is.	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-Semi Annual Swap Rate-4:15-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
consumer finance company	a finance company that lends to individuals under the small loans laws of the jurisdiction in which they operate	rel:definition	1
insurance service	a financial service in which the insurer promises to provide compensation for specific potential future losses in exchange for a periodic payment	rel:definition	1
quantity	a property of a phenomenon, body, or substance, to which a number can be assigned with respect to a reference	rel:definition	1
purpose	The context in which some thing is, may be or is planned to be put to some use by someone.	rel:definition	1
time point value	a single value representing a point in time, including multiply occurring points in time such as a day of a month	rel:definition	1
jpy usd basis swaps icap	the FpML floating interest index for JPY USD-Basis Swaps-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
business objective	an objective that reflects the strategic goals and direction of a business	rel:definition	1
contract section	A formally identified Section of a Contract, comtaining terms dealing with a specific type of subject matter.	rel:definition	1
natural person limited partner	A limited partner in a partnership, who is and may only be a Natural Person i.e. a human being.	rel:definition	1
coupon stub end date	The calendar date when the coupon stub period is scheduled to end.	rel:definition	1
annual reporting policy	Reports are presented once a year	rel:definition	1
civil law jurisdiction	a civil law jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
private placement memorandum	a legal document stating the objectives, risks and terms of investment involved with a private placement	rel:definition	1
pln polonia ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for PLN-POLONIA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
aud libor bba	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
business agent	An agent which is capable of causing some business event or providing some service in a business context.	rel:definition	1
current status	The status at the present time.	rel:definition	1
product disclosure requirement	A requirement governing what representations can be made about a product, as it affects the consumer.	rel:definition	1
obligation conditional on some event	Obligation conditional on the occurrence of some event.	rel:definition	1
mezzanine cdo tranche	The tranche between senior and subordinated. Mezzanine tranches of a CDO issue are typically rated B to BBB.	rel:definition	1
loan prepayment status	Information about prepayments of the loan, at a given point in time.	rel:definition	1
zar jibar safex	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-JIBAR-SAFEX	rel:definition	1
loan product disclosure right	Right to fair representation of the facts about Loan products before entrering into agreements for same.	rel:definition	1
merchant	a business entity engaged in a trading activity	rel:definition	1
funds identifier	the trigraph representing the funds	rel:definition	1
redemption event	an event whereby a debt security comes to the end of its life and the debt is paid off (redeemed)	rel:definition	1
synthetic amortizing security	Security constructed to emulate an amortizing security.	rel:definition	1
investment home loan contract	A loan for a second or subsequent property which is taken out for investment purposes.	rel:definition	1
religious objective	a not for profit objective that reflects the religious goals of an organization	rel:definition	1
network location	a virtual location that may be identified by a network address (an identifier for a node or interface)	rel:definition	1
mandatory with choice corporate action	An event which is going to happen but there are choices to be made by the Holder.	rel:definition	1
scheduled event	a class of events that are incorporated in some regular schedule	rel:definition	1
managed cdo portfolio	A portfolio where the reference assets of the CDO are bought (the portfolio is ramped up) and then the CDO manager may alter the portfolio as they see fit.	rel:definition	1
lpn terms	The terms of the LPN contract which define the facliity.	rel:definition	1
usd tbill bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for USD-TBILL-H.15-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
current yield calculation method	The ratio of the interest payment amount to the clean price.	rel:definition	1
text value	A text value is a single value representing textural information represented as an xsd:string. Note that this class is not intended to be used directly (in these cases use xsd:string) but is intended to be subclassed with values with business semantic intent.	rel:definition	1
personal dated facts	Facts about a natural person. These are facts that are true as at a given time.	rel:definition	1
bullion measurement unit	Units in which bullion may be measured.	rel:definition	1
corporate action status message	A message which relates to the status of a corporate action.	rel:definition	1
curve to use	This is a working note from ongoing reviews.	rel:definition	1
special dividend leg term	Special dividends and memorial dividends which are applicable. FpML: 'If present and true, then special dividends and memorial dividends are applicable.' Note that \"if true\" (a yes/no term) and \"if present\" (this term, which is the presence of the thing) are two separate meanings. FpML implies the truth of the Yes/No fact by the presence or absence of this term. However, although FpML definition says \"if present and true\", the term is just a \"boolean\" ie a YTes/no applicability term. Not sure where the special dividends themselves are defined.	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate tullett prebon	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-Tullett Prebon	rel:definition	1
cash instrument	a financial instrument whose value is ascertained directly by markets and that can be converted into cash quickly with minimal impact on the price received	rel:definition	1
shareholder precedence rights facet	Facet based on the class or seniority of the equity represented by the shares i.e. ordinary, preference and so on.	rel:definition	1
debt offering	The process step of offering a Debt security for issue. REVIEW: What terms belong for all Debt and what are for Underwriting only?	rel:definition	1
standardized currency option terms set	Standard terms for a currency optioon contract, determined in advance by the exchange. These will become terms of an individual currency option contract. These may be varied or overridden for individual contracts.	rel:definition	1
derivative transaction terms	the contract terms for a derivative transaction, covering payment or delivery by either party to the other	rel:definition	1
change in details notification	Information regarding a generic change, eg, change in the terms of an issue, change in the identification of a security, change of board lot, change from global to definitive.	rel:definition	1
index future	A futures contract on a stock or financial index. For each index there may be a different multiple for determining the price of the futures contract.	rel:definition	1
body limited by guarantee principals agreement	The formal agreement between the principals of a body limited by guarantee.	rel:definition	1
usd isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-ISDA-Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
up to one year	A known duration of one calendar year.	rel:definition	1
net sales income	Profit	rel:definition	1
margin account	Account held at a Derivatives Exchange by a participant in that exchange.	rel:definition	1
floater tranche	A floater tranche is a tranche that is keyed to an index and a spread.	rel:definition	1
account identifier	an identifier assigned to each client account for ease in referring to that party's activity	rel:definition	1
preference share coupon	Agreed Dividend or Coupon payments to the holder of a Preferred Share.	rel:definition	1
municipal bond issue information	Information about the Issuance of a Municipal Bond, which is maintained throughout the life of the Security.	rel:definition	1
securities guaranty insurance policy	Some policy by which some party (directly or more usually through an intermediary who writes this policy) agrees to cover some risk as identified in this policy, on behalf of the holder of the policy. further Notes: Added specifically to cover financial instruments modeling of insurance backed Guaranty. This term would belong within a separate section of specialist insurance terms if there were such a section.	rel:definition	1
general partner equity	Equity in a partnership held by general partners; this is typically accompanied by full liability capability on the part of the holders of the equity.	rel:definition	1
judiciary	a branch of government that comprises the system of courts that interprets and applies the law in the name of the supranational, national, federal, or regional government, depending on its jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
negotiable commodity	a commodity that can be bought or sold in some marketplace	rel:definition	1
usd ois lon icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-OIS-11:00-LON-ICAP	rel:definition	1
deliverable obligation seller	The party which is obligated to sell the Deliverable Obligation in the event that the CDS Contingent Transaction takes place. Deifnition Origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
collateral	an asset offered as security, pledged as an inducement to another party, to lend money, extend credit, or provision securities	rel:definition	1
investor contract	Contract setting out the terms under which some investor invests in the entity and setting out the rights which are conferred on that investor.	rel:definition	1
economic commitment	Some Commitment which forms part of the subject of some Transaction, being an undertaking by one or other of the parties to the transaction, extended to the other party to that same transaction.	rel:definition	1
failure to pay	'A credit event. This credit event triggers, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, if the reference entity fails to make due payments in an aggregrate amount of not less than the payment requirement on one or more obligations (e.g. a missed coupon payment). ISDA 2003 Term: Failure to Pay.'	rel:definition	1
offering statement	an offering memorandum that conforms to Regulation A, Offering Statement, of the Securities Act of 1933	rel:definition	1
personal loan	Consumer Loan: The recipient (borrower) is an end consumer. Types: Home Mortgage	rel:definition	1
notional step change event	a step change in the notional amount of the swap stream	rel:definition	1
farm credit system institution	any federally-chartered financial institution that is supervised, examined, and regulated by the Farm Credit Administration and operates in accordance with the Farm Credit Act of 1971, as amended, 12 U.S.C. 2001 et seq. All Farm Credit System institutions are federally-chartered instrumentalities of the United States.	rel:definition	1
notional step amount	the amount of money which is removed from the notional on each step date	rel:definition	1
first regular coupon date	The scheduled date of the first regular coupon payment, that is the start of payments according to a regular repeating series of coupon periods, after any non standard (long or short) first coupon period in the schedule.	rel:definition	1
security draft prospectus	The draft prospectus for the issue, as determined prior to marketing the issue. Certain terms in the draft prospectus will be finalized later in the issuance process to become the actual Prospectus. Term origin:DTCC issuance Reviews	rel:definition	1
temporal entity specification	A Temporal Entity Specification specifies how some Temporal Entity (instant or intervl, e.g. Day or Period) actually is, other than by direct description.	rel:definition	1
mandatory sinking fund schedule listing	A full schedule of dates and payments for a Mandatory Sinking Fund style of Call.	rel:definition	1
company warrant exercise terms set	Terms setting out how a company warrant or naked warrant may be exercised, including the form which delivery takes.	rel:definition	1
fund legal form documentation	For a fund which is constituted under the law of contract, the constitution or articles that define the fund. These are embodied in a Contract.	rel:definition	1
chf annual swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly quarterly swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-Quarterly-Quarterly Swap Rate-4:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
ron annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for RON-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
contractual commitment	terms and conditions that define the commitment made by the contracting parties, such as rights and obligations when a contract is awarded or entered into	rel:definition	1
exchange	any organization, association, or group of persons, whether incorporated or unincorporated, which constitutes, maintains, or provides a facility for bringing together purchasers and sellers of financial instruments, commodities, or other products, services, or goods, and includes the market place and facilities maintained by such exchange	rel:definition	1
inflation bond	A bond where the principal amount is linked to an index.	rel:definition	1
dividend stream	The Floating Payment Leg of a Dividend Swap. Swap dividend payment rates. Earlier notes this behaves very like a variance swap but instead of betting in pure variance you take a bet on dividend. What practically in one of these: The difference between th ereal life dividend and the one you think it should be. so I say it should bte 2% over the next 10 years, so I swap 2% for the actual dividend amount So then there is one single payment at the end which nets these up. So in the above example ... they are usually 3 month or 6 month contracts, so if for instance th edividend if quarterly, there might be 2 dividends where the difference is netted up at the end.for example. (Us 1/4ly usually , Eur 6 months). Depends on the company's articles of association etc. e.g. Unilever is 6 mo)/ Structurally, Div Swap corr Swap and Var Swap are structured similarly, with one strike at the beginning. Strike may be expressed in terms of the (price) variance (the variance of the returns) , the correlation between typically 2 underlyers. or the dividend for each of these three types of swap respectively. 17 march Dividend is a flow based on a share, so is this not the same as a Return Swap in that the dividend is the return on the dividend? Also recall that with stocks themselves, there is no comitment by the issuer to pay the dividends. FpML: 'Dividend leg.'; 'Floating Payment Leg of a Dividend Swap.'	rel:definition	1
authority	The right to do something, as conferred by some autonomous agent	rel:definition	1
eur euribor act	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EURIBOR-Act/365	rel:definition	1
credit index	a reference index that is a function of credit events that change the value of an underlying portfolio	rel:definition	1
overnight rate	a reference rate that is an interest rate at which a depository institution lends funds to another depository institution (short-term), or the interest rate the central bank charges a financial institution to borrow money overnight	rel:definition	1
equity listing	The listing of an equity security (stock) on an equities exchange or multilateral trading facility.	rel:definition	1
usd tbill	the FpML floating interest index for USD-TBILL-H.15	rel:definition	1
underwriting decision	a loan approval recommendation determined either manually or by an automated underwriting system	rel:definition	1
agency po tranche	Principal Only tranche. This tranche will only pay principal.	rel:definition	1
eur tec cno	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TEC5-CNO	rel:definition	1
transaction event aspect	A transaction side as seen from the perspective of one of the parties to the transaction.	rel:definition	1
specialist mortgage issuer	A business organization that specialises in and exists for the issuance of mortgages to the general public.	rel:definition	1
sgd sibor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
ratio expression	a proportional relationship specifically between two different quantities or expressions, arrived at by dividing one by the other	rel:definition	1
underwriting process details	Information specific to the Underwriting of the Issue.	rel:definition	1
method	A way in which something is done.	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-OIS-4:15-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
sgd sor vwap	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SOR-VWAP	rel:definition	1
market opening price	The market opening price is the price a broker or someone would refer to at the start of trading.	rel:definition	1
quantity kind	a categorization type for quantity that characterizes quantities as being mutually comparable	rel:definition	1
comparison	A comparison among numerical parameters.	rel:definition	1
realized variable swap side terms	Terms for legs which relate to some statistical measure of performance of the underlying.	rel:definition	1
usd ba	the FpML floating interest index for USD-BA-H.15	rel:definition	1
fund transfer agent	An entity that undertakes the execution of subscription, redemption and switch orders on behalf of a fund. Definition origin:EFAMA DD	rel:definition	1
notional financial marketplace	a place which is identified as a financial market but which is not a physical place such as a country or region. This may be a conceptual place such as the Eurobond market or the Global market.	rel:definition	1
accounting party	The Party from the perspective of which these accounts are prepared. This is the to whom the balances apply. There would be corresponding accounts (supplier, customer) for counterparties with whom the Accounting Party does business.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-6M EURIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
modify convention roll rule	A rule to apply when the Date Rool Rule results in a specified date falling on a working date in the month or year following the date which was returned before the Date Roll Rule was applied.	rel:definition	1
offeror	a party that proposes to make something available to someone (i.e., an offeree) based on the terms of the offering	rel:definition	1
registrar	a party that has the capacity to act as a representative of a registration authority to provide registration services, including official record keeping	rel:definition	1
futures initial trading margin	"See also notes under \""Futures Trading Margin\""	rel:editorialNote	1
futures initial trading margin	""When you open a futures contract, the futures exchange will state a minimum amount of money that you must deposit into your account. This original deposit of money is called the initial margin."	rel:definition	1
federal reserve district	a region of the US identifying the jurisdiction of a Federal Reserve Bank, numbered and named for the city in which that reserve bank is located	rel:definition	1
controlling leverage party	A party which exercises control as a result of some investment in an equity.	rel:definition	1
credit score model	an algorithm for computing the credit score of e.g. a credit applicant	rel:definition	1
statutory law	Written law set down by a legislature or by a legislator.	rel:definition	1
accounting transaction	event or condition recognized by an entry in the records of an account	rel:definition	1
degree of control	the degree of control one entity has over another	rel:definition	1
emancipated minor	a minor who is allowed to conduct a business or any other occupation on his or her own behalf or for their own account outside the control of a parent or guardian	rel:definition	1
maturity extension notification	"As stipulated in a bond's Terms and Conditions, the issuer or the bondholder may prolong the maturity date of a bond. After extension, the security may differ from original issue (new rate or maturity date). May be subject to bondholder's approval. Note that the definition given for this in SWIFT is really narrative. New definition drafted in its place. SWIFT Full Text \""As stipulated in a bond's Terms and Conditions, the issuer or the bondholder may prolong the maturity date of a bond. After extension, the security may differ from original issue (new rate or maturity date). May be subject to bondholder's approval.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
maturity extension notification	""Notification of an extension to the maturity date of a bond by the issuer, in line with existing terms and conditions."	rel:definition	1
repurchase agreement	A repurchase agreement (or repo) is an agreement between two parties whereby one party lends the other a security at a specified price with a commitment to take the security back at a later date for another specified price.	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm banks	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-TIBM (5 Banks)	rel:definition	1
security	a financial instrument that can be bought or sold	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-Semi Annual Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
interbank offered rate	an interbank rate that is the interest rate at which participating banks lend money	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement agreements terms	Terms setting out specific Agreements between the parties, that is specific things they agree to do or allow.	rel:definition	1
guaranty	a commitment whereby something, such as a debt, cash flows on a debt instrument (e.g., interest payments), or performance of some obligation, is guaranteed if the person or organization with primary liability fails to perform	rel:definition	1
account payable balance	Balance of accounts receivable	rel:definition	1
potential non agency mbs issuer	The entity which will become the issuing party for the Tranched MBS Issue. This entity is the principal actor in most of the activities involved in the issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
senior mbs tranche	Specific kinds of tranche are modeled for example and investigation only and have been removed from the diagrams. These will be removed from the final model.	rel:definition	1
information right	The right to some information in some context, for example when purchasing some product. The right to full and fair disclosure of	rel:definition	1
gbp wmba sonia compound	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-WMBA-SONIA-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
entity validation level enumeration	an enumerated datatype specifying the level of validation performed by the GLEIF or LOU with respect to the reference data provided by the registrant	rel:definition	1
commercial loan	Loan extended for a commercial purpose. Further notes: Commercial Loans: Talk about property like office building. Borrower is a small business or corporation. Meanings: Loan extended for a commercial purpose versus Loan extended to a corporate entity Example: Aus: Nature of security e.g. private property versus commercial property being pledged as security, as there are different requirements on these. Also legislation on commercial lending by governments (business strategy etc.).	rel:definition	1
purposive amount	An amount of something defined in terms of its usefulness for some purpose. Scope Note: Includes investment capital (an amount of capital intended or used for investment), and amounts of raw material used or to be used in e.g. manufacture of something.	rel:definition	1
court of law	A court of law is a court that hears cases and decides them on the basis of statutes or the common law.	rel:definition	1
subfund supervisory authority	The legal entity which supervises the fund or fund industry(for a subfund located in a different country)	rel:definition	1
calendar period	an enumeration that indicates whether a CalendarSpecifiedDate is figured with respect to a calendar week, a calendar month, a calendar quarter, or a calendar year	rel:definition	1
loan arrears status	Arrears describes the whole period where a loan is either delinquent or in default. [mixed bag of types of Status] formerly Loan Status. Now: The status of arrears performance at any given time in the life of the loan (e.g. present, series of dated past values).	rel:definition	1
exchange and listing service	a trading and (optionally) listing service for the purposes of securities trading	rel:definition	1
club	An informal organization formed to pursue some common interest among its members	rel:definition	1
board of directors	Governing body (called the board) of an incorporated firm. Its members (directors) are elected normally by the subscribers (stockholders) of the firm (generally at an annual general meeting or AGM) to govern the firm and look after the subscribers' interests. The board has the ultimate decision-making authority and, in general, is empowered to (1) set the company's policy, objectives, and overall direction, (2) adopt bylaws, (3) name members of the advisory, executive, finance, and other committees, (4) hire, monitor, evaluate, and fire the managing director and senior executives, (5) determine and pay the dividend, and (6) issue additional shares. Though all its members might not be engaged in the company's day-to-day operations, the entire board is held liable (under the doctrine of collective responsibility) for the consequences of the firm's policies, actions, and failures to act. Members of the board usually include senior-most executives (called inside directors or executive directors) as well as experts or respected persons chosen from the wider community (called outside directors or non-executive directors).	rel:definition	1
us treasury bill date	an auction date for US 13 week and 26 week Treasury bills	rel:definition	1
total debt expense ratio	a portion of 100 that represents the ratio of all monthly debt payments of all the borrowers, including proposed housing expenses, to the  income of the borrowers as relied upon to make a credit decision	rel:definition	1
writedown	The fact that the underlier writes down its outstanding principal amount. Further notes: A credit event. FpML full definition: 'A credit event. Results from the fact that the underlier writes down its outstanding principal amount.'	rel:definition	1
interest rate future standardized terms set	A set of standard terms for interest rate futures contracts, as set out by the derivatives exchange. Interest Rate Futures contracts issued by and traded on that exchange will take on these terms or override them.	rel:definition	1
delivery method	The means or process used in delivering something.	rel:definition	1
twd quarterly annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
bond exchange closing price	The price at close of trading on a given trading day on an exchange.	rel:definition	1
interest bearing cp	Interest Bearing Commercial Paper is sold at par and has interest rate but only pays interest at maturity.	rel:definition	1
temporal unit	Units in which Time and Date are measured, for example in defining Durations	rel:definition	1
eur isda libor swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-ISDA-LIBOR Swap Rate-10:00	rel:definition	1
fund unit distribution method	The normal distribution policy for funds.	rel:definition	1
inr inbmk reuters	the FpML floating interest index for INR-INBMK-REUTERS	rel:definition	1
equity correlation swap contract	no definition FpML (unusable): A correlation swap.	rel:definition	1
try annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for TRY-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
fund prospectus	The Prospectus for the Fund. This is a document made available publicly for potential investors. It will include facts about the fund investment objective, investment focus and other details of the fund. Some of this information becomes binding on the fund once it is issued, while other information is guidelines only.	rel:definition	1
eur usd basis swaps icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR USD-Basis Swaps-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
entitlement rights instrument	A security giving the holder of that security the entitlement to purchase or sell back to the issuer new securities or some other commodity or instrument at a predetermined price.	rel:definition	1
fixed interest calculation formula	Formula for Fixed Interest.	rel:definition	1
dkk cibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for DKK-CIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
relationship context	Any context in which Parties are defined.	rel:definition	1
special obligation bond	A bond secured by a limited revenue source or promise to pay.	rel:definition	1
credit union	a cooperative association organized for the purpose of promoting thrift among its members and creating a source of credit for provident or productive purposes	rel:definition	1
credit union	a not-for-profit financial institution, typically formed by the employees of a company, labor union, or religious group, operated as a cooperative association organized for the purpose of promoting thrift among its members and creating a source of credit for provident or productive purposes	rel:definition	1
esoteric abs	An asset backed security based on some underlying promised future cashflow.	rel:definition	1
registered agent	a legal agent designated by another party (person or organization), to represent and acts on their behalf under a formal agency agreement	rel:definition	1
informative event	An event which reflects some change in information about something.	rel:definition	1
bullion type selection	A type of bullion i.e. a metal which will be defined as a bullion commodity.	rel:definition	1
change to smallest negotiable unit	Modification of the smallest negotiable unit of shares in order to obtain a new negotiable unit. SWIFT:SMAL	rel:definition	1
municipal government	the government of a municipality	rel:definition	1
occurrence based date	An OccurrenceBaseDate is a CalculatedDate that is defined with respect to the Occurrence of some OccurrenceKind. The 'hasDateValue' property of an OccurrenceBasedDate is not set until the Occurrence happens.  The 'triggeredBy' property relates an OccurrenceBasedDate to the OccurrenceKind that gives the meaning of the OccurrenceBasedDate.	rel:definition	1
special tax bond	A bond secured by revenues derived from one or more designated taxes other than ad valorem taxes. For example, bonds for a particular purpose might be supported by sales, cigarette, fuel or business license taxes.	rel:definition	1
business registry	a registry for registering and maintaining information about business entities	rel:definition	1
regulatory requirement	A requirement of some sort by which something is to be regulated.	rel:definition	1
legally capable adult	a person who has attained the age of majority as defined by given jurisdiction and is allowed to conduct a business or any other occupation on his or her own behalf or for their own account	rel:definition	1
stockholders rights instrument	A security giving stockholders entitlement to purchase new securities issued by the corporation at a predetermined price (normally less than the current market price) in proportion to the number of securities already owned.	rel:definition	1
voting shareholding	a holding of some voting share	rel:definition	1
balance sheet cdo objective	The objective is that the CDO is created to move assets off the originator balance sheet.	rel:definition	1
traded instrument issuance process information	Information on one Security issue, arising from the Issuance Process. Note that one Issuance Process (Offering) may relate to more than on Issue, which itself may be the issue of more than one Traded Security.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate month swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-3 Month-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
issued equity	externally-held stockholders equity that may be transferred from one party to another	rel:definition	1
tribal government	a government representing a group of indigenous people that has legal authority to govern those people, including authority to legislate the existance of tribal entities	rel:definition	1
interest rate observable	a rate-based observable that is specifically an interest rate	rel:definition	1
new housing sector	a classifier for a sector of the economy used for price indices focused on contractors' selling prices of new residential houses, where detailed specifications pertaining to each house remain the same between two consecutive periods	rel:definition	1
cap determination	The Strike rate is to be subtracted from the Observable rate on the reset date, to determine the settlement amount. This is incorrect. Cap applies to borrower. the Cap is the max amount I will pay to borrow. I take a capped rate. I am the buyer of the option. The market rate this time is higher than the capped rate. You as the seller of the option will pay me thedifference bwteen the capped rate and the market reate. If the market rate is lower than the capped rate no one pays anything because I will not exercise my right to that capped rate. So no money changes hands at settlement. Then: capped Loan: What I would be paying would be interest at the market rate if the market rate is lower, but if the market rate is higher then I would pay interest at the capped rate. This is the difference between a cap as a loan or as a cash settled thing. These represent different kinds of contract: Non loan one: Cap talks of settlement being difference between the market rate and the strike rate. This is cash settled. Name: \"Cap\" Loan one: Cap talks about a maximum interest rate payable by the holder, so the holder pays an amount each time, up to a maximum which is the Cap rate. Name: \"Capped Loan\" What manner of thin is this? A loan. Its ancestors are not OTC derivatives contracts thet are Loan.	rel:definition	1
indenture	A written contract, also known as a \"Deed of Trust\", under which bonds and debentures are issued, setting forth maturity date, interest rate, redemption rights, call privileges and other terms. Under the rules of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the contract is executed by the issuer and a trustee who acts on behalf of the bondholders.	rel:definition	1
cash cdo	A CDO which has an uderlying portfolio of assets which are held by the issuer.	rel:definition	1
algo debt credit spread	The Spread between the Debt Instrument Maturity and the Credit Rating of the Issuer.	rel:definition	1
finance company	a financial intermediary in the business of making loans to individuals or businesses that obtains its financing from banks, institutions, and other money market sources rather than from deposits	rel:definition	1
cds fee payment commitment	The commitment in a Credit Default Swap, to pay the fee or fees for the credit protection.	rel:definition	1
fund redemption terms	Formal terms for redemption of units in the fund. These set out what the investor and the fund may or may not do.	rel:definition	1
securities underwriting issuance process	The process by which debt instruments are offered to the market by a syndicate of underwriters who underwrite the issue.	rel:definition	1
business	An organization or economic system where goods and services are exchanged for one another or for money. Every business requires some form of investment and enough customers to whom its output can be sold on a consistent basis in order to make a profit. Businesses can be privately owned, not-for-profit or state-owned. An example of a corporate business is PepsiCo, while a mom-and-pop catering business is a private enterprise.	rel:definition	1
equity option exercise terms set	Contractual terms setting out the price or level at which the Equity option is to be struck.	rel:definition	1
sgd sor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
usd libor bba bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for USD-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
receiver	A party appointed by some court for the purposes of winding up the affairs of some entity which is no longer solvent.	rel:definition	1
mutual commitment	A commitment between two or more parties	rel:definition	1
partly paid	Partly paid	rel:definition	1
managed cdo	A CDO where the reference assets are bought (the portfolio is ramped up) and then the CDO manager may alter the portfolio as they see fit.	rel:definition	1
corporate borrower	A borrower which is a Corporation.	rel:definition	1
restriction	a Securities & Exchange Commission rule modifying a two-year holding period requirement on privately placed securities to permit qualified institutional buyers to trade these positions among themselves	rel:definition	1
auto loan pool	A loan pool covering automobile-related loans.	rel:definition	1
distribution by payment	Distribution by payment of a monetary amount.	rel:definition	1
rub mosprime nfea	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-MOSPRIME-NFEA	rel:definition	1
loan product representations	Representations about the loan product and the appropriateness of this for the borrower.	rel:definition	1
cad libor bba swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-LIBOR-BBA-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
economic contract terms set	Terms underlying the contract for a transaction.	rel:definition	1
retail asset pool creation process	The process by which pools of assets are created. These may then be used in the issue of securities based on those asset pools as underlying.	rel:definition	1
spot delivery	Delivery of some agreed item in the present or at some agreed but imediate settlement date.	rel:definition	1
limited partnership unit restriction	Restrictions on ownership or transfer of the Units.	rel:definition	1
calculated price	a monetary price determined by a formula	rel:definition	1
otc derivative transaction master agreement	"Sample preamble to one of these: \""EXAMPLE BANK, a Michigan banking corporation and SAMPLECOMPANY US, INC. a Delaware corporation have entered and/or anticipate entering into one or more transactions (each a \""Transaction\"") that are or will be governed by this Master Agreement, which includes the schedule (the \""Schedule\""), and the documents and other confirming evidence (each a \""Confirmation\"") exchanged between the parties confirming those Transactions. \""	rel:example	1
otc derivative transaction master agreement	""Master agreement covering over the counter derivatives transactions to be carried out between the parties to this contract."	rel:definition	1
inr mifor	the FpML floating interest index for INR-MIFOR	rel:definition	1
dated past value	A value at a given time and date. The value of a dated parameter, at a stated point in the past, present or future.	rel:definition	1
management action	An event relating to the management of a company or other concern.	rel:definition	1
reference factor	Some factor which is referred to in calculations and which is itself calculated in order to perform those calculations.	rel:definition	1
base unit	a measurement unit that is defined by a system of units to be the reference measurement unit for a base quantity	rel:definition	1
cad libor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
chf libor bba bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
coupon regular period length	Length of a regular periodic component of a coupon schedule.	rel:definition	1
cny shibor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-SHIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
duration analytic	Weighted average time to receipt of all the payments.	rel:definition	1
commercial loan borrower	The borrower of a Commercial Loan	rel:definition	1
share value change notification	Notification of a change in the face value of a share.	rel:definition	1
gbp libor bba bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
contractual transaction party	That which is party to a transaction which has contractual standing.	rel:definition	1
note fund unit	Need a legal definition - to follow. This is one of the mechanisms by which an investor may hold an interest in a fund, but is not a Bond or a Share.	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly quarterly swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-Quarterly-Quarterly Swap Rate-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
bond with mandatory sinking fund	Bonds where the amortizing is via a sinking fund the details of which are mandated in the terms of the bond itself.	rel:definition	1
representations section	Section containing statements held out by one party to the other as being true and correct at the time of the Agreement. A representation, as contained in this section of a contract, is a statement by one other party asserting that some given state of the world exists.	rel:definition	1
recurrence interval	a time interval that is consistent between elements of a regular schedule	rel:definition	1
options theta	A measure of the rate of change in an option's theoretical value for a one-unit change in time to the option's expiration date. Action: add terms that define or influence this.	rel:definition	1
county	An area within a country or state, designated by that country or state as a County for its own descriptive and administrative purposes. Fiurther Notes: Specific properties of counties will vary from one country or state to another and are not erpresented here - this is purely a labelled area of land within a country, similar to a Region.	rel:definition	1
fixed lookback strike terms	Strike terms which reflect the difference between a running maximum value of the observable during the lookback period, and the pre-agreed strike. The agreed settlement is based on the difference between these. Further Notes This is only settled in cash and the strike is predetermined at payoff and the payoff is the max diff between the optimal price and the strike price.	rel:definition	1
third party corporate action issuer message	Message from security issuer, notifying holders of a third party action.	rel:definition	1
company option event	A company option may be granted by the company, allowing the holder to take up shares at some future date(s) at a pre arranged price in the company.	rel:definition	1
mbs instrument slice	A holding of an individual slice or slices of a tranche.	rel:definition	1
juridical person	an entity, as a firm, that is not a single natural person, as a human being, authorized by law with duties and rights, recognized as a legal authority having a distinct identity, a legal personality	rel:definition	1
exempt transaction	a securities transaction for which there is no requirement to register the transaction with a regulatory agency	rel:definition	1
usd sibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for USD-SIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
geolocation coordinates	Co-ordinates which uniquely identify some physical location.	rel:definition	1
non agency po tranche	Principal Only tranche. This tranche will only pay principal.	rel:definition	1
debt observable	The instrument which is defined as the Reference Asset for this leg. This is the instrument the interest cashflows of which become payable under this leg of the Swap.	rel:definition	1
otc index option	An option whose underlying security is an index. If exercised, settlement is made by cash payment, since physical delivery is not possible.	rel:definition	1
premium percentage of notional expression	The expression of the premium as a percentage of the notional value of the transaction.	rel:definition	1
constitutional law	The body of law which defines the relationship of different entities within a state, namely the executive, legislature and the judiciary. Further notes: (from Wikipedia): Constitutional laws may be considered second order rulemaking or rules about making rules to exercise power.	rel:definition	1
derived quantity	a quantity kind, in a system of quantities, that is not a base quantity of the system but may be defined in terms of base quantities of the system	rel:definition	1
derivatives delivery type	Type of delivery for a traded futures or options contract; the way in which a contract is settled in the event of expiry or exercise.	rel:definition	1
significant controlling interest party	A person which owns a significant voting stake in this entity of between some lower significant threshold and 50 percent, but not 50 percent or more.	rel:definition	1
stock corporation	a corporation that has shareholders (stockholders), each of whom receives a portion of the ownership of the corporation through shares of stock	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-3M EURIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
tranched mbs issue prospectus part	A part or section of a prospectus for a tranched mortgage backed securities issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
brokerage firm	a firm in the business of buying and selling securities, operating as both a broker and a dealer, depending on the transaction	rel:definition	1
loan servicer	The party which is the Loan Servicer. Further notes: The Loan Servicer may be the original lender or it may be someone else. For instance, if the bank is sold by Bank A, it may be given to some third party for servicing. Servicing is either done by the original lender or by someone else. Idea: Look at a data model from one of the main agencies. See Fannie Mae enterprise common data model. In progress. More precise definition needed for what it is to service a loan, i.e. what activities this party participates in and what facts apply. Some of these are defined in the facts which are emerging from these reviews. There seem to be several functions which may or may not be combined.	rel:definition	1
aed ebor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for AED-EBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
place of incorporation change	Changes in the state of incorporation for US companies and changes in the place of incorporation for foreign companies. Where shares need to be registered following the incorporation change, the holder(s) may have to elect the registrar. SWIFT = PLAC	rel:definition	1
chief executive officer	Top executive responsible for a firm's overall operations and performance. He or she is the leader of the firm, serves as the main link between the board of directors (the board) and the firm's various parts or levels, and is held solely responsible for the firm's success or failure. One of the major duties of a CEO is to maintain and implement corporate policy, as established by the board. Also called President or managing director, he or she may also be the chairman (or chairperson) of the board.	rel:definition	1
funds processing passport	The Funds Processing Passport. This is defined as a document. This has terms drawn from elsewhere in the model which are defined as part of the FPP for reasons defined in the FPP descriptions.	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
money market future standardized terms set	A set of standard terms for money market futures contracts, as set out by the derivatives exchange. Money Market Futures contracts issued by and traded on that exchange will take on these terms or override them.	rel:definition	1
formula expression	How the Formula is expressed i.e. the Right Hand Side of the Formula.	rel:definition	1
coinage	Money in the form of coins minted by some authorized mint.	rel:definition	1
date time	a combination of a date and a time, without a time zone	rel:definition	1
option instrument exercise terms	Contractual terms defining when or under what circumstances an options instrument may be exercised.	rel:definition	1
cop ibr ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for COP-IBR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
price	Some monetary value ascribed to something, as being a measure of its value or perceived value.	rel:definition	1
price	an amount of money, goods, or services requested, expected, required, or given in exchange for something else	rel:definition	1
metropolitan statistical area	one or more adjacent counties or county equivalents that have at least one urban core area of at least 50,000 population, plus adjacent territory that has a high degree of social and economic integration with the core as measured by commuting ties	rel:definition	1
gbp sonia ois icap	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-SONIA-OIS-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
written communication	Some formal written communication from some party to another party or parties or to the world at large, notifying them about some fact or occurrence.	rel:definition	1
single value	A single value is a Value with exactly one distinguished \"hasValue\" property that represents the primary data element of that value. Other properties of a SingleValue may be defined to qualify hasValue, such as a unit, namespace or defining authority.	rel:definition	1
stock option exercise terms set	Contractual terms defining when or under what circumstances a single stock options instrument may be exercised.	rel:definition	1
nzd nziona ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-NZIONA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
municipal security	Municipal Securities is a general term referring to a bond, note, warrant, certificate of participation or other obligation issued by a state or local government or their agencies or authorities (such as cities, towns, villages, counties or special districts or authorities). A prime feature of most municipal securities is that interest or other investment earnings on them are generally excluded from gross income of the bondholder for federal income tax purposes. Some municipal securities are subject to federal income tax, although the issuers or bondholders may receive other federal tax advantages for certain types of taxable municipal securities. Some examples include Build America Bonds, municipal fund securities and direct pay subsidy bonds.	rel:definition	1
stock volatillity	A measure of stock price fluctuation. Mathematically the volatility is the annualized standard deviation of a stock's daily price changes.	rel:definition	1
cap or floor determination	Whether a given thing is treated as a Cap (something goes no higher than this amount) or as a Floor (something goes no lower than this).	rel:definition	1
usd tibor isdc	the FpML floating interest index for USD-TIBOR-ISDC	rel:definition	1
cdo issuing party	The party which issues the CDO on behalf of the sponsor. This is identified as being a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) set up specifically to issue the CDO. A CDO has a sponsoring organization, which establishes a special purpose vehicle to hold collateral and issue securities. Sponsors can include banks, other financial institutions or investment managers, as described below. Expenses associated with running the special purpose vehicle are subtracted from cash flows to investors. Often, the sponsoring organization retains the most subordinate equity tranch of a CDO.	rel:definition	1
income verification method selection	Selection of possible methods by which borrower's income was determined.	rel:definition	1
inflation index fall back bond	A fallback bond as defined in the 2006 ISDA Inflation Derivatives Definitions, sections 1.3 and 1.8.	rel:definition	1
construction loan snapshot	Information at a point in time, specific to a Construction Loan.	rel:definition	1
business register identifier	an identifier that uniquely identifies a business register, such as a register identified by the Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF) registration authorities list	rel:definition	1
loan third party	A party which, by virtue of being a third party to the Loan Contract, performs some role directly in relation to the Loan.	rel:definition	1
exchange business day type	When calculating the number of days between two dates the count includes only stock exchange business days.	rel:definition	1
controlled amortization bond	bond that is securitized using a controlled amortization structure	rel:definition	1
company equity terms set	Terms setting out the equity in a company, including the various kinds of rights, the shares that embody those rights etc.	rel:definition	1
geopolitical entity	any country, federal province, city or other administrative unit which is both geographical and political in its identity	rel:definition	1
primary identifier issuer	The party which formally issues the primary security identifier to the security. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
phone number	a virtual address for communication via phone	rel:definition	1
coupon schedule specification	Formal specification of the Schedule for regular payment of Coupon Amounts.	rel:definition	1
twd reuters	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-Reuters-6165	rel:definition	1
call price	a price at which a debt instrument with a call feature may be redeemed by the issuer	rel:definition	1
variable premium determination formula	Formula for agreed determination of the variable premium.	rel:definition	1
certificate of obligation	A Certificate of Obligation is a form of debt available to governing councils in case of emergency  a God-created catastrophe  that needs immediate action without time for voter referendum. For example, when a hurricane destroys the police and emergency services building, there is no time to go through the process of voter referendum. The local council must be able to borrow the money to set up provisional buildings and necessary equipment for police and emergency services so that the community is served in continuity.	rel:definition	1
registration service	service provided to individuals and/or organizations to register items in a registry	rel:definition	1
extendable maturity redemption terms	contract terms related to the redemption of a security with extendable maturity	rel:definition	1
legitimate organization	An organization that exists to serve some lawful purpose	rel:definition	1
federal capital area	The capital administrative region of a country which is a federation, if the physical area of this region does not form a part of any of the states or pronvinces which make up the federal country.	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs deal	An issue of Mortgage Backed Security instruments in which payments on the pool are passed through to investors	rel:definition	1
government	the system by which a state or community is controlled	rel:definition	1
outlay	Cash spent on something.	rel:definition	1
swap confirmation	a formal confirmation that codifies the terms and conditions specific to a lifecycle event with respect to the overall transaction between the parties	rel:definition	1
credit institution or investment firm	a European financial institution that is a credit institution or an investment firm as defined by the European Banking Authority (EBA)	rel:definition	1
floor	A building subdivision whose extent is the horizontal extent of the building at that height.	rel:definition	1
tranche notes parameters	One set of information defining the notes breakdown of one tranche. Covers denominations and amounts that you can byu of the instrument in this tranche. Q: Is this really defined in the prospectus? A: yes The prospectus lists the characteristics including e.g. \"The notes will be sold in denominations of X AND Increuemtns of Y e.g. $250 000 incremented by $1000. Parameters include: Denominations Minimum amounts what else? Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
funds processing party	A party involved in the processing of funds in some way.	rel:definition	1
economic resource	Anything that can bought sold or exchanged.	rel:definition	1
curve convexity	The convexity of the curve between any two time-variant parameters.	rel:definition	1
system requirement	A requirement to be met in some System.	rel:definition	1
cdo cashflow treatment structure	The way in which cash flows are handled in a CDO.	rel:definition	1
cashflow terms	terms setting out a cashflow structure of payments committed to by one party to a contract	rel:definition	1
record	a memorialization and objective evidence of activities performed, events occurred, results achieved, or statements made, regardless of its characteristics, media, physical form, or the manner in which it is recorded or stored	rel:definition	1
equity return swap contract	No definition FpML has no distinct product type for this, instead the schema for Return Swaps has content which is an Equity Swap Transaction Supplement.	rel:definition	1
business registration authority	a registration authority that is responsible for maintaining a registry of business entities	rel:definition	1
city	An urban center defined as a geopolitical entity, that is one coming under one or more specific adminstrations	rel:definition	1
business registry entry	an entry in a business registry	rel:definition	1
exchange specific securities registry entry	an entry in an exchange-specific securities repository	rel:definition	1
credit agreement	a contractual agreement in which a debtor receives something of value and agrees to repay the creditor at some date in the future, in some form (e.g., cash, securities, etc.), generally with interest	rel:definition	1
total owner	Entity having 100 percent ownership in the entity so owned.	rel:definition	1
corporate limited partner	A limited partner in a partnership, who is and may only be a Corporate Legal Person (i.e., not a natural person)	rel:definition	1
equity option entitlement	The entitlements to the holder, comprised in an option contract or transaction supplement. FpML: 'The number of shares per option comprised in the option transaction supplement.' In FpML this is an either / or: Either a whole number representing the number of shares per option, or a multiplier to be applied to an index underlyer (and, presumably, a basket underlyer)	rel:definition	1
securities transaction	a trade that represents the execution of an order to buy or sell a security	rel:definition	1
principal repayment terms	contract terms that specify requirements for repayment of the principal	rel:definition	1
unknown duration	A length of time whose length is not known.	rel:definition	1
cny repo compounding date	the FpML floating interest index for CNY 7-Repo Compounding Date	rel:definition	1
calendar day	the period from one midnight to the following midnight.	rel:definition	1
savings and loan association	a financial institution that accepts deposits primarily from individuals and channels its funds primarily into residential mortgage loans	rel:definition	1
structured finance instrument	A security that has periodic principal payments with the amount of principal that is paid being dictated by a published factor.	rel:definition	1
security structured name	The formal, structured name of a Security.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-4:15-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-SwapMarker26	rel:definition	1
loan payment	Add in here the terms on payment history related terms which are in the \"Loan Contract\" set.	rel:definition	1
contractually capable entity	A unique entity that is legally or financially responsible for the performance of financial transactions, or has the legal right in its jurisdiction to enter independently into legal contracts, regardless of whether it is incorporated or constituted in some other way (e.g. trust, partnership, contractual). This excludes natural persons, but includes governmental organizations and supranationals.	rel:definition	1
discrete physical thing	Some physical item with well defined physical extent.	rel:definition	1
currency identifier	the trigraph representing the currency	rel:definition	1
swap receiving party	a swap party that receives payments for a given leg of the transaction as defined in the contract	rel:definition	1
blue sky law	a kind of securities regulation passed by various states, designed to protect investors against securities fraud by requiring sellers of new issues to register their offerings and provide financial details	rel:definition	1
conversion action	Conversion or optional exchange of securities (generally convertible bonds or preferred shares) into another form of securities (usually common shares) at a pre-stated price.	rel:definition	1
vwop	Volume Weighted Open Price determined by multiplying each trade by its volume then dividing by the volume over a certain period during the open. MDDL	rel:definition	1
loan collateral	Assets pledged to a lender until a loan is repaid. Further notes: This provides one means by which some extension of finance (such as a loan, debt or equity issue) is under-written. PoC equivalent term definition and note: Collateral is property collateral or additional collateral associated with a loan or mortgage loan (PoC data note) There are foreign key attributes of collateral coupling it to collateral provider and to loan.	rel:definition	1
usd treasury rate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Treasury Rate-T19901	rel:definition	1
mathematical expression	Some expression of some mathematical quantity or quantities.	rel:definition	1
jpy tsr reuters	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TSR-Reuters-15:00	rel:definition	1
sovereign wealth fund	Government investment fund funded by foreign currency reserves. Review: Also include things like International Monetary Fund. Are these a Legal Entity? See also Funds model. Move the question about Sovereign Wealth Funds to the Funds model. Looking at definitions (e.g. Wikipedia) it's a state owned investment fund. The legal entity owner is a government (or in fact a State, which is governed by a Government).	rel:definition	1
street	Some traversable strip of land or water containing along it some buildings or land.	rel:definition	1
service	a type of economic activity that is intangible, is not stored and does not result in ownership; a service is consumed at the point of sale	rel:definition	1
specified date	a calculated date that is defined by a rule, which is captured as a string by the 'hasDateSpecification' property	rel:definition	1
specified date	A date which is unknown in terms of not having a specific calendar date attached to it, but known in the sense of being specified unambiguously by some specification.	rel:definition	1
option conditional payout terms	Terms governing a conditional payment commitment on an option.	rel:definition	1
banking product	a product provided to consumers and businesses by a bank or similar depository institution such as a checking account, savings account, certificate of deposit, debit or pre-paid card, or credit card	rel:definition	1
inflation factor formula	The formula by which the inflation factor is determined for the bond. This is part of the formula terms.	rel:definition	1
price interpolation specification	A price which is an interpolation between two publicly available prices fo rths instrument.	rel:definition	1
packaged financial product	a financial product that acts as a container, or wrapper, for one or more financial instruments, including other financial products	rel:definition	1
coupon stub period	Irregular Coupon Period at the start and / or the end of the Coupon Schedule, which does not fall into the Periodic Date Series.	rel:definition	1
derivatives listing	A listing of an instrument on a derivatives exchange. The listing is a product of the individual exchange.	rel:definition	1
gbp wmba ronia compound	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-WMBA-RONIA-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
cad libor bba	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
aud semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
underwriter takedown for debt	Infomation on Takedown quantity of the Debt security handled by the underwriter (that will be brought into DTC).	rel:definition	1
basket of credit risks	a basket of securities and / or legal entities, collected for the purpose of identifying risk	rel:definition	1
structured finance instrument pool	A pool investment consisting of a collection of structured finance instruments.	rel:definition	1
odd lot offer	Offer by issuer to allow holders of an odd lot of a security to order a commission-free transaction at market price, to sell the odd lot, or to buy an amount of shares which will bring the position to a round lot (board lot). SWIFT = ODLT	rel:definition	1
default proceeding type selection	(1) Default amount (2) Property Sale (3) Loss amount (4) Recoveries (5) Professional Negligence	rel:definition	1
benefit corporation	a not for profit corporation set up under specific state legislation to provide some stated societal benefit, and with some corresponding relaxation of the obligation to maximize shareholder return	rel:definition	1
tax treatment	Amount of money due to the government or tax authority, applicable to some thing or activity in some jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
organizational sub unit	any department, service, or other entity within a larger formal organization that only has full recognition within the context of that formal organization, but requires identification for some purpose	rel:definition	1
interest rate future debt underlying	The debt instrument which is the underlying of an Interest Rate Future contract.	rel:definition	1
investment based de facto controlling interest party	A party which exercises some degree of de facto control based on some investment which they hold in the entity.	rel:definition	1
civil law	The branch of the law dealing with disputes between individuals or organizations, in which compensation may be awarded to the victim.	rel:definition	1
equity variance swap contract	no definition FpML (unusable): Specifies the structure of a variance swap.	rel:definition	1
cad ba cdor	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-BA-CDOR	rel:definition	1
planned amortization class bond	Planned Amortization Class tranche.This is a tranche where the principal payment must follow a certain schedule.	rel:definition	1
bullion	Any precious metal.	rel:definition	1
chf annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
seller	a party that makes, offers or contracts to make a sale to an actual or potential buyer	rel:definition	1
combined statistical area	a combination of adjacent metropolitan and micropolitan areas with economic ties measured by commuting patterns	rel:definition	1
huf bubor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for HUF-BUBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
coupon strip	Coupon stripping is the process whereby interest coupons for future payment dates are separated from the security corpus that entitles the holder to the principal repayment.	rel:definition	1
accrued interest amount	The interest accrued on the bond or debt instrument at the time that the price is quoted. If this is a dirty price, this is the amount of accrued interest that is included in the price. This is therefore passed on to the purchaser of the bond or debt instrument.	rel:definition	1
non wholly owned subsidiary	a subsidiary which is not a wholly owned subsidiary	rel:definition	1
instrument of incorporation	Some legal instrument by which some legal entity which is not a natural person is made to exist.	rel:definition	1
government body	a formal organization that is an agency, instrumentality, or other body of supranational, national, federal, state, or local government, including certain multijurisdictional agencies and departments that carry out the business of government	rel:definition	1
technical standard	An established norm or requirement about technical systems; a published document formally setting out such established norm.	rel:definition	1
fund distribution policy	The overal diustribution policy or policy limitations for the fund itself.	rel:definition	1
share option strike terms set	The strike price is the price per share specified or otherwise determined in the transaction. This can be expressed either as a percentage of notional amount or as an absolute value. FpML equityStrike (complex type): A type for defining the strike price for an equity option. The strike price is either: (i) in respect of an index option transaction, the level of the relevant index specified or otherwise determined in the transaction; or (ii) in respect of a share option transaction, the price per share specified or otherwise determined in the transaction. This can be expressed either as a percentage of notional amount or as an absolute value.	rel:definition	1
line item	a description of a product or service including its unit cost, number of units and total cost	rel:definition	1
sale method	The means by which something is sold.	rel:definition	1
registration status	a lifecycle stage indicating the status of a given registration of something, such as a business or legal entity, as specified by the registration authority	rel:definition	1
equity linked bond	A bond where the bond is based on the return on an equity over time i.e. the price and dividend payments i.e. the total return (similar to total return swaps).	rel:definition	1
executive	person appointed and given the responsibility to manage the affairs of an organization and the authority to make decisions within specified boundaries	rel:definition	1
contract preamble	The part of a contract which defines the parties and gives sufficient information for them to be unambiguously identified, along with other pertinent information such as the subject of the contract.	rel:definition	1
security forward delivery	Forward delivery of an Asset (Equity or Debt) either in the form of the asset itself (the observable) or the cash equivalent.	rel:definition	1
payment place specification method	Selection of possible places to be specified for the payments in a Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
deposit account	an account that provides a record of money placed with a depository institution for safekeeping and management	rel:definition	1
fx spot contract	The rate of a foreign-exchange contract for immediate delivery. Also known as \"benchmark rates\", \"straightforward rates\" or \"outright rates\", spot rates represent the price that a buyer expects to pay for a foreign currency in another currency.	rel:definition	1
entity credit event	Some Credit Event which is defined with reference to the Reference Entity.	rel:definition	1
jpy libor frasett	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-LIBOR-FRASETT	rel:definition	1
options listing	A listing of an options instrument on a derivatives exchange. The listing is a product of the individual exchange.	rel:definition	1
individual investor	an investor that is a person, rather than an organization, who may or may not be considered a qualified investor from a legal perspective	rel:definition	1
industrial products sector	a classifier for a sector of the economy used for price indices focused on major commodities sold by manufacturers in Canada	rel:definition	1
joint borrower	Any additional borrower(s) whose name(s) appear on loan documents and whose income and credit history are used to qualify for the loan. Under this arrangement, all parties involved have an obligation to repay the loan. For mortgages, the names of applicable joint borrowers also appear on the property's title.	rel:definition	1
internally determined price spread	The spread determined internally within the organisation from information available at their own trading desks. Further Notes Internal prices within a bank would be determined by surveying their own traders. So e.g. corporate desk trades these 30 bonds, get the daily spreads on those at the end of the day and calculate the price. The traders determine the pricing during the based on market movements. (this is all for OTC traded bonds, not exchange traded bonds).	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor ztibor	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-ZTIBOR	rel:definition	1
czk annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CZK-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement right to termination following termination event	The Right to Terminate the Agreement Following some Termination Event.	rel:definition	1
constituent	Something which makes up part of a collection, formalized in terms of its existence as a member of that collection.	rel:definition	1
asset maximum or minimum payout commitment	A commitment to pay out on the maximum or minimum of a set of assets. Further Notes Maximum of n Assets This rainbow is similar to the best of n assets plus cash we referred to in part a, with the exception that no cash payoff is possible and there is a strike price for this type of option. The payoff of a call and put are given as: Rainbow-Call = max[0, max(S1, S2) - X] Rainbow-Put = max[0, X - max(S1, S2)] Minimum of n Assets The counterpart to a maximum of n assets, this rainbow pays out the value of the underperformer of the n assets. The payoff for minimum of 2 asset rainbow calls and puts are given as: Rainbow-Call = max[0, mainS1, S2) - X] Rainbow-Put = max[0, X - min(S1, S2)]	rel:definition	1
fund auditor	The party that is in charge of examining and verifying a fund's financial and accounting records as well as supporting documents and fulfilment of legal requirements. Definition origin:EFAMA DD	rel:definition	1
call schedule	a schedule that defines the events associated with the call feature of a debt instrument, i.e, the dates on which the debt instrument may be called (recalled) at what price by the issuer	rel:definition	1
call schedule	The list of dates on which a fixed-income security can be redeemed prior to maturity by the issuer; also includes the corresponding call prices.	rel:definition	1
quantity value	number and measurement unit together giving magnitude of a quantity	rel:definition	1
entity ownership context	the context of ownership by some party of an interest in some formal organization	rel:definition	1
municipal debt funds usage	official statement identifying the application of funds in connection with a new issue of municipal securities	rel:definition	1
validate conformance	The mortgage is automatically validated for conformance to the requirements of the pool in which it is to be included.	rel:definition	1
national securities identifying number registry	a registry used by a national numbering agency to manage the financial instrument identifiers and related information that it registers	rel:definition	1
auto loan abs	ABS issued by auto finance companies and are backed by underlying pools of auto-related loans or leases.	rel:definition	1
determined date	Date determined by some means or method at some time in the future, such as by applying roll rules to a business calendar.	rel:definition	1
pac tranche	Planned Amortization Class tranche which is also a Z tranche, that is Definition needed.	rel:definition	1
liability apportionment terms set	Terms setting out the apportionment of liabilities for debts or other liabilities accrued by some formal business organization.	rel:definition	1
scheduled calculation period start event	the start of a specific calculation period	rel:definition	1
credit basket reference constituent	A constituent of the credit basket.	rel:definition	1
eur isda libor swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-ISDA-LIBOR Swap Rate-11:00	rel:definition	1
tax allocation bond	A bond payable from the incremental increase in tax revenues realized from any increase in property value and other economic activity, often designed to capture the economic benefit resulting from a bond financing. Tax increment bonds, also known as tax allocation bonds, often are used to finance the redevelopment of blighted areas.	rel:definition	1
research statistics supervision discount identifier	a unique identifier assigned by the Federal Reserve to financial institutions	rel:definition	1
ultimate beneficial owner	The ultimate holders of the assets of a hierarchy of companies. These may be people or other legal entities.	rel:definition	1
electricity commodity	Electricity as a commodity.	rel:definition	1
organization credit rating	The credit rating of the organization. That is the creditworthiness of the organization as determined by a ratings agency. If the organization is the issuer of a security then this becomes the issuer rating for that security.	rel:definition	1
cash	Something that is widely accepted in payment for goods and services and in settling debts.	rel:definition	1
delivery terms	settlement terms specifying what (cash, an asset, etc.) is to be delivered when, to whom, under what conditions at the time of settlement	rel:definition	1
maturity equivalent psa	Prepayment speed that results in the same average life as that computed for the Collateralized Mortgage Obligation (CMO), Asset Backed Securities (ABS) or Mortgage Backed Securities (MBS) using the Maturity Prepay Model.	rel:definition	1
jpy tsr telerate	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TSR-Telerate-10:00	rel:definition	1
average monthly earnings	a measure of the average monthly wage an employee makes over the reporting period	rel:definition	1
kassa	Official declared price.	rel:definition	1
option guarantor	The Guarantor of an options security. This is the party that agreed to make good any losses incurred by the holder in the event of a default by the issuer.	rel:definition	1
claim	A claim by one party on another, which arises from the existence of a Commitment agreed upon between those parties or as implicitly agreed upon through the operation of Law or Constitution.	rel:definition	1
municipal entity	a polity that typically represents a city, township, or other administrative subdivision having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
limited controlling party	Some individual entity which is able to direct the affairs of some business organization to a specific degree.	rel:definition	1
offer issue	An Issue of one or more securities of the same type, as all or part of an Offering of securities to the market.	rel:definition	1
isk reibor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for ISK-REIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
federal reserve district bank	a Federal Reserve district and member bank, with jurisdiction over a specific region of the US, named for the city in which the reserve bank is located	rel:definition	1
business rule	A rule which applies in some business context. Includes operations rules, regulatory rules and so on.	rel:definition	1
optional underlying transaction	A transaction which is defined in an options contract and which may or may not take place, at the discretion of the holder of the option. If it does take place, this will be a transaction for the purchase or sale of the deliverable underlying as defined in the option contract, or some cash equivalent thereof. Further notes: This is not any different from any other kind of derivatives transaction. The Transaction is still defined as the purchase and sale of the underlying even if it is cash settled. It is defined as the swap of the fixed price for the current market price. Would define a reference price for the current market price if it's not a physical settlement. Would for example define the use of a calculation agent. Scenarios: 1. Agree to cash settle even though the underlying is a deliverable 2. Agree to settle cash because it's difficult to get hold of the underlying 3. The underlying is by its nature not deliverable 4. Fx where the deliverable is a currency to cash delivery is synonymous with delivery of the underlying asset, so the underlying observable and the underlying deliverable are the same actual thing. How this is modeled: Cash \"Settlement\" (means cash delivery) is where you take cash instad of delivery of the underlying deliverable. Whatever is going to be delivered there is going to be a reverse transaction at the going market rate. That also covers the use of an index or basket as the underlying. Examples of this: IR Swap - not an Option.	rel:definition	1
debt fixed coupon terms set	Terms for payment of Interest on a Bond, where this pays a fixed rate of interest.	rel:definition	1
limited tax general obligation bond	A limited-tax general obligation pledge asks the issuing local government to raise property taxes if necessary to meet existing debt service obligations. However, this increase is bounded by a statutory limit. With limited-tax general obligation pledges, governments can still use a part of already-levied property taxes, use another stream of income, or raise property taxes to an amount equating to existing debt service payments to answer its debt obligations.	rel:definition	1
contractual product	a product that is realized as a contract	rel:definition	1
calendar specified interval	a RecurrenceInterval that is specified as the nth day of some CalendarPeriod (such as a calendar month), and a TimeDirection (forward from the beginning of the month, or backwards from the end).\n\nThe nth day is an ordinal number, not a cardinal number. '1' means the first day of the calendar period.	rel:definition	1
otc derivative transaction	a derivative transaction that is struck over the counter between two parties	rel:definition	1
pool	a combination of resources for a common purpose or benefit	rel:definition	1
call schedule listing	Schedule of dates on which a Traded Security can be Called (recalled) by the Issuer.	rel:definition	1
joint venture	A formal venture between two or more business entities	rel:definition	1
grain commodity	A commodity which is a kind of grain, such as wheat.	rel:definition	1
tool	Some physical object which is put to some purpose.	rel:definition	1
cdo deal	An Issue of a set of CDO tranches as part of an offering to the market.	rel:definition	1
swap stream interest rate reset schedule	parametric schedule of reset dates	rel:definition	1
agency mbs deal	An issue of securities backed by pools of mortgages held by government agencies.	rel:definition	1
birth certificate	an original document certifying the circumstances of the birth, or a certified copy of or representation of the ensuing registration of that birth	rel:definition	1
eur euribor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EURIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
commercial bank	a bank that provides services, such as accepting deposits, giving business loans and auto loans, mortgage lending, and basic investment products like savings accounts and certificates of deposit	rel:definition	1
sgd sibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
share option otc contract	An option in which the underlyer is a single publicly issued and traded share.	rel:definition	1
bond put redemption instruction	Early redemption of a bond at the election of the bondholder subject to the terms and condition of the issue.	rel:definition	1
urban consumers universe	a statistical universe for consumer expenditure surveys consisting of people within a household that make joint expenditure decisions	rel:definition	1
financial instrument	a written contract that gives rise to both a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity	rel:definition	1
registered multilateral trading facility	a multilateral system operated by an investment firm or market operator, which brings together multiple third-party buying and selling interests in financial instruments in the system, in accordance with non-discretionary rules, in a way that results in a contract in accordance with the provisions of Title II of the MiFID II	rel:definition	1
right of credit record correction	The right to have a credit record corrected.	rel:definition	1
mortgage debt	Mortgage debt issued under a Mortgage Backed Security.	rel:definition	1
total return leg	A leg in which the total return on an asset is paid.	rel:definition	1
reporting entity	Some part of some company which is treated as a distinct entity internally for reporting purposes, but which externally is not a distinct kind of entity in any way.	rel:definition	1
idr sor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-SOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
customer identifier	an identifier for a customer	rel:definition	1
loan pool constituent	A loan constituent of a Loan Pool.	rel:definition	1
master credit facility	A pool of credit facilities is combined into a Master Credit Facility for more efficient management of credit.	rel:definition	1
commodity future	A futures contract tied to the movement of a particular commodity. This enables contract buyers to buy a specific amount of a commodity at a specific price on a particular date in the future.	rel:definition	1
usd libor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for USD-3M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
worthless security booking out	"Booking out of some worthless security by the Issuer. SWIFT:\""Booking out of valueless securities.\""	rel:definition	1
worthless security booking out	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/CAE/AboutCAE/CAESpecification>	<http://purl.org/dc/terms/isPartOf>	1
worthless security booking out	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/CAE/CorporateEvents/CorporateActionsEvents/WorthlessSecurityBookingOut>	rel:isDefinedBy	1
worthless security booking out	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
charge category	""a category indicating what a charge is for (e.g. closing costs, interest)"	rel:definition	1
other seniority equity	Equity which is neither the most senior nor the most junior. The precise terms under which this equity is held, and the definition of the call on the assets of the company in the event of it winding up, will be defined by the issuing company and are not modelled here as they may vary from one company to another. There may be more than one class of such equity issued by a company.	rel:definition	1
bonus rights issue	A Rights Issue in which the rights are given to the holders of the referenced shares for free.	rel:definition	1
energy transmission rights	Rights to the transmission of power across an electricity distribution network.	rel:definition	1
currency conversion service	a foreign exchange service involving the conversion of currency of one country or group of countries for another, typically, but not always, as a counter transaction	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap cme lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-6M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
corporate change of status event	Some change to the status of some security.	rel:definition	1
legally incorporated partnership	Any partnership which is defined as a legal person within a given jurisdiction, for example a limited liability partnership (if that is a legal person).	rel:definition	1
limited de facto control	The ability to direct the affairs of some entity within prescribed limits. Those limits are described in terms of activities which the entity holding such control may cause the controlled entity to carry out.	rel:definition	1
sar srior reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SAR-SRIOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement termination event	\"Termination Event\" means an Illegality, a Tax Event or a Tax Event Upon Merger or, if specified to be applicable, a Credit Event Upon Merger or an Additional Termination Event.	rel:definition	1
convention determined date	A Date which is or is to be determined according to some established or published convention for date determination.	rel:definition	1
formal offer	Event which is an offer to the holder or potential holder or other intersted party, to enter into a trade which is or would be legally binding on the part of the party making the offer (the offeror).	rel:definition	1
nok nibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for NOK-NIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
loan interest payment terms set	Contractual terms governing the payment of interest on the loan.	rel:definition	1
date determining agent	The agent which determines or is to determine the Determined Date.	rel:definition	1
bond coupon structure type	A set of contractual terms defining the interest payments for a coupon of a bond, beginning with terms describing stepped or conditional coupon structures if these exist.	rel:definition	1
company bylaw	The official rules and regulations which govern a corporation's management. Drawn up at the time of incorporation, along with the charter.	rel:definition	1
sharia law jurisdiction	A Jurisdiction in which a Shari'a system of law is in force.	rel:definition	1
reg	US Fed regulation \"Truth in Lending Act\" uniform standards for electronic delivery of disclosures	rel:definition	1
aud bbr bbsw bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-BBR-BBSW-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
listed bond	A security that is a bond and is traded on an exchange.	rel:definition	1
voting shareholding company	a formal business organization that holds voting shares in some incorporated company	rel:definition	1
bond exchange opening price	The value at the beginning of trading or opening of the market.	rel:definition	1
price spread	The difference between two prices.	rel:definition	1
protection seller	The party which sells protection against a default on the Reference Obligation, to the Protection Buyer. This party commits to purchase the Refernce Obligation or some agreed alternative (the Deliverable Obligation), or settle for an equivalent amount in cash, in the event that the Credit Event defined in the contract takes place.	rel:definition	1
corporation	a formal organization treated as an entity - an artificial person or legal entity distinct from its owners - created by or under the authority of the laws of a state or nation	rel:definition	1
physical location	A location in physical space	rel:definition	1
term structure	a structured collection of rates, such as interest rates, or bond yields with different terms to maturity, such that a yield curve may be constructed for the structure	rel:definition	1
contact purpose	a virtual address for communication via phone	rel:definition	1
postal address	a physical address where postal communications can be addressed, for any kind of organization or person	rel:definition	1
trust	A fiduciary relationship in which one party, known as a trustor, gives another party, the trustee, the right to hold title to property or assets for the benefit of a third party, the beneficiary.	rel:definition	1
dkk cibor dkna bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for DKK-CIBOR-DKNA13-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
principal payment calculation formula	A formula for calculation of principal payments.	rel:definition	1
payment schedule	a Schedule of amounts of principal and interest that are due over the term of the loan in order to fully pay off the obligation	rel:definition	1
corporate action obligation	An obligation related to the holding of a Security.	rel:definition	1
commodity business day type	When calculating the number of days between two dates the count includes only commodity business days.	rel:definition	1
financial wellbeing	The overall balance sheet and well being of the organisation.	rel:definition	1
frn coupon	Mechanism whereby an investor receives income from interest payments, which are usually made periodically. These are for a variable amount based on a specified Interest rate.	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-3M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
market data	Data about financial instruments, that is published and may be used to support decision making or processing of financial instruments. Definition source: own definition.	rel:definition	1
regional government	an administrative body for a small geographic area, such as a county, smaller town, or other similar community	rel:definition	1
securitized debt interest	interest on debt that is the subject of a financial security	rel:definition	1
weighted average time to receipt of cashflows	The weighted average time to the receipt of cashflows for an instrument.	rel:definition	1
year	A Gregorian calendar year	rel:definition	1
amortization type	the basis for how a loan is to be repaid, i.e., the kind of (or style of) amortization will influence and potentially determine repayment terms over the lifetime of the loan	rel:definition	1
security identification scheme	a formal definition of the structure and application of a particular set of securities identifiers	rel:definition	1
variance leg terms	A return which is driven by a Variance Calculation. Variance of a single price (over time - how is this modeled? Is this the duration of the contract or some defined period or poeriods of time). The variance gets its time basis from the negotiated period in the contract, e.g. Variance over 3 months. Check: Is this always the duration of the contract or can it be for example a set of time scales (say monthly) ove the life of say a 6 month contract, and take an average?? This is logically possible but we don't know if this is what this is. FpML: A type describing return which is driven by a Variance Calculation. More notes 17 Mar Varianc v covariance Variance is a surrogate for option. Talks about random fluctuation in prices If you look at options theory (black scholes) then the price of an option is 1rily dependent in variation in the price. The more variable the more expensive ot maintain a portfolio that is indifferent to the next move in price. So this Variance Swap allows you to extract that option price (i.e. the variance as above) into the variability of the underlying price. So then the asset being traded is in fact the asset that the price references. context: This is all about controlling the price of an asset (from the point of view of the portfolio holder). similarly with the variance on an index you are picking up on the generic market stability. Recall that an index is controlling an underlying portfolio, but with the index you talk directly about the price (in an index swap), this gives you control of a portfolio that is represented by that index. Basket Swap is this - difference is agreed basket (Index, which has a publisher) versus Basket where the \"index\" (we don't call it that here) is a basket of securities.	rel:definition	1
reference	a concept that refers to (or stands in for) another concept	rel:definition	1
agent in role	An agent-in-role is a relative concept that ties an autonomous agent to a role they are playing in a given situational context.	rel:definition	1
securities issuance	The SPV is set up to issue securities.	rel:definition	1
bond action	Some action in relation to a bond, by the Issuer.	rel:definition	1
payee	a party to whom a debt should be paid, or to whose order a bill of exchange, note, or check is made payable	rel:definition	1
bond with warrant	A bond issue where the issue includes a Warrant attached. This need not be any specific type of bond.	rel:definition	1
early exercise commitment	The commitment to exercise the option ahead of the expiry date under given conditions as laid out in the Barrier Feature terms of the Option contract.	rel:definition	1
thb thbfix reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for THB-THBFIX-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
clearing participant	People who are members of the exchange who are allowed to clear the trades. There are various categories of entities which are participating in this full process: FTrading Member Clearing Member Entity which does both for itself (not professionally carrying out the clearing for other	rel:definition	1
equities single name basket	A basket of securities consisting only of equities securities (publicly issued and traded shares).	rel:definition	1
voting shareholder	a party owning voting shares in some company limited by the issue of shares	rel:definition	1
enterprise population	a statistical universe consisting of enterprises designed for the purposes of supporting surveys such as those used as the basis for employment and producer price indices	rel:definition	1
residual tranche	Unknown Further notes: Verify whether Residual Tranche and Support Tranche are meant to be in the same list of types as PAC etc. i.e. can a tranche not be PAC and Residual? this looks suspicioulsy like two semantics.	rel:definition	1
sector strategy	Strategy which is sector based.	rel:definition	1
securities combination or detachment	An event in which a security is split into separate securities or separate seucrities are combined into one security. Includes splits, detachments, attachments and so on.	rel:definition	1
non agency regular jump tranche	Regular non-Sticky Jump Z tranches maintain their changed status only while the trigger event is in effect, and revert to their old payment status once the trigger event has passed.	rel:definition	1
thb semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for THB-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
interest	the cost of using credit, or another's money, expressed as a rate per period of time, payable by a debtor to a creditor in consideration of the credit extended to the debtor	rel:definition	1
interest rate adjustment notification	"Definition as given refers to this notification (message) rather than the event itself. This is done for completeness, and sent out as a Notification by the Issuer or the Issuer's Agent. SWIFT Full definition: \""Announcement of the current coupon rate for a floating or adjustable rate security.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
interest rate adjustment notification	""Announcement of the current coupon rate for a floating or adjustable rate security."	rel:definition	1
applicant	The party making some application.	rel:definition	1
usd cd	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CD-H.15	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-OIS-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
investment firm	any legal person whose regular occupation or business is the provision of one or more investment services to third parties and/or the performance of one or more investment activities on a professional basis	rel:definition	1
asset repurchase agreement	A Repurchase Agreement defined from the point of view of the lender, where it is seen as an asset repo.	rel:definition	1
standardized futures listing terms set	Standard terms set out by the exchange which will apply to any listing of a futures contract on this exchange.	rel:definition	1
frn terms set	Terms setting out the interest payments determination and dates for Flating Rate Note interest.	rel:definition	1
dispersion swap index leg terms	The side of a dispersion swap which has a particular index as its underlying. Further notes: This is a leg of a dispersion swap, which is defined by the index itself. This may be set against the other leg which is made up of a defined part of that index. Review comment: aren't really legs.	rel:definition	1
when issued transaction	Trading in securities ahead of them being traded.	rel:definition	1
optional cash dividend event	Cash dividend with currency options. This is a dividend payment where payment is mandatorily in the form of Cash. The choice is what currency the cash is to be received in.	rel:definition	1
illegal cartel	A collection of companies that come together to manipulate the market in some way, e.g. price fixing	rel:definition	1
organization identifier	an identifier assigned to an organization within an organization identification scheme, and unique within that scheme	rel:definition	1
fund legal contract	For a fund which is constituted under the law of contract, the contract that embodies the fund legal form.	rel:definition	1
international law	The set of rules generally regarded and accepted as binding in relations between states and nations.	rel:definition	1
share price	The amount of money that is paid or could be paid for a share.	rel:definition	1
issuance process activity	An activity within the process of securities issuance.	rel:definition	1
information product	a product that is informational in nature, rather than physical	rel:definition	1
coupon schedule	Schedule for regular payment of Coupon Amounts.	rel:definition	1
usd ois bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for USD-OIS-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
physical address	a physical address where communications can be addressed, papers served or representatives located for any kind of organization or person	rel:definition	1
price model specification	The specification of a price using a model.	rel:definition	1
measurement purpose	The purpose of measuring things.	rel:definition	1
credit facility	An option to borrow money. Defines the parameters in which you are able to draw down some amount as a loan, debt finance, or some other financial commitment.	rel:definition	1
international money market canadian dollar trading date rule	a trading date rule defined as the last trading day / expiration day of the Canadian Derivatives Exchange (Bourse do Montreal Inc.), three month Bankers' Acceptance Futures (Ticker symbol BAX), the second London banking day prior to the third Wednesday of the contract month	rel:definition	1
option writer commitment	Commitment on the part of the writer (issuing party) of the Option.	rel:definition	1
synthetic debt instrument pool	A cash flow structure which synthesizes the behavior of a portfolio of debt securities. For example a synthesized portfolio of CDO / Bonds / ABS using Total Returns Swaps and CDS. This does exist, it is just manufactured from different instruments.	rel:definition	1
investment based de facto control	Control which arises through some investment in some entity, other than as the holding of constitutional equity (shares etc.) in that entity.	rel:definition	1
futures contract underlying	An underlying which is a futures contract.	rel:definition	1
eurodollar deposit	A US dollar deposit or other currency deposit made outside the US or the country that issues that currency.	rel:definition	1
issue securities	The issue contains the details of the security/securities that are brought out by an Issuer in an Offering. An issue is a part of the Offering. An issue contains all securities of the same sub issue type for an Issuer as part of it.	rel:definition	1
payment	delivery of money in fulfillment of an obligation, such as to satisfy a claim or debt	rel:definition	1
public private issue facet	Classification facet.	rel:definition	1
instant determination	The determination or adjustment of some instant according to some rule.	rel:definition	1
accrued liability	Liability which has been incurred by the entity and is yet to be paid off.	rel:definition	1
credit ok	Not defaulted.	rel:definition	1
cds contingent transaction	The transaction which takes place in the event that the specified Credit Event in a Credit default Swap takes place. Deifnition Origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
rate based observable	a non-physical observable value, such as an interest rate, market rate, economic indicator, statistical measure calculated over some collection of indices, or some other rate that is readily observable in the world	rel:definition	1
legal restriction	a securities restriction that is mandated by law or regulation	rel:definition	1
partnership agreement	a document setting up a partnership, giving the details of the business and the amount each partner is contributing to it.	rel:definition	1
listino	only associated with a closing price	rel:definition	1
loan pool prepayment model	Model of the prepayments of loans in a pool of individual loans, such as a mortgage pool or loan pool.	rel:definition	1
funds processing account	An account used specifically in the processing of funds. Like all accounts this is (per FIBIM definition) a business relationship between two entities; one entity is the account owner, the other entity is the account servicer. Please refer to Financial global model for treatment of accounts relationships in this model.	rel:definition	1
sgd sonar ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SONAR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
current value	The value at the current point in time.	rel:definition	1
mortgage loan appraiser	That party which appraises the borrower for the purposes of the loan.	rel:definition	1
underwriter	any person who has purchased from an issuer with a view to, or sells for an issuer in connection with, the distribution of any security, or participates or has a direct or indirect participation in any such undertaking, or participates or has a participation in the direct or indirect underwriting of any such undertaking; but such term shall not include a person whose interest is limited to a commission from an underwriter or dealer not in excess of the usual and customary distributor's or seller's commission	rel:definition	1
fund classification scheme	A published scheme for the category of a fund according to the asset class.	rel:definition	1
depositary bank	A bank which is set up and authorized to issue Depositary Receipts.	rel:definition	1
formal statement	Some formal written communication, setting out the position of some party or parties about some matter.	rel:definition	1
idr jibor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-JIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
organization	a unique framework of authority within which a person or persons act, or are designated to act, towards some purpose, such as to meet a need or pursue collective goals on a continuing basis	rel:definition	1
voting right	The right of a stockholder to vote on matters of corporate policy as well as on who is to compose the board of directors.	rel:definition	1
partnership with only limited partners	a partnership having limited partners but no general partners	rel:definition	1
default rate	The rate at which holders of loans in the pool default on those loans.	rel:definition	1
subordinated voting right	Subordinated Voting. Action: this is a self-referential non definition, from ISO FIBIM.	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle	a lifecycle specific to a product or product family	rel:definition	1
penalty interest balance applicability	Selection of types of balance to which pre-payment interest penalties may be applied.	rel:definition	1
individual unilateral commitment	a commitment made by some party unilaterally to another specific party	rel:definition	1
mixed basket	a basket that has a mix of constituents, including securities and indices	rel:definition	1
swap paying party	a swap party responsible for making payments for a given leg of the transaction as defined in the contract	rel:definition	1
debt issuance purpose	Purpose for the Issuance of a Debt Security. Also defines processes to be followed in some instances.	rel:definition	1
grd athibor athibor	the FpML floating interest index for GRD-ATHIBOR-ATHIBOR	rel:definition	1
savings association	A savings association is defined as: (a) any Federal savings association, where a Federal savings association means any Federal savings association or Federal savings bank which is chartered under section 1464 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act; (b) any State savings association, where a State savings association means any building and loan association, savings and loan association, or homestead association; or any cooperative bank (other than a cooperative bank which is a State bank as defined in subsection (a)(2)) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, which is organized and operating according to the laws of the State (as defined in subsection (a)(3)) in which it is chartered or organized; and (c) any corporation (other than a bank) that the Board of Directors and the Comptroller of the Currency jointly determine to be operating in substantially the same manner as a savings association.	rel:definition	1
contract part	A formal part of a contract such as a clause or term.	rel:definition	1
consent granted	Vote to approve the event or proposal. SWIFT: CONY	rel:definition	1
prospectus part	A part or section of a prospectus for a securities issue.	rel:definition	1
direct expense	Cost of Sales	rel:definition	1
credit score factor	something that is taken into account when determining a CreditScore	rel:definition	1
return swap transaction	The transaction of a total Return Swap. This is the transaction in which the return on some asset is exchanged for some agreed payment or series of payments.	rel:definition	1
twd taibir	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-TAIBIR02	rel:definition	1
underlying valuation	The act of valuation of the underlying on some OTC Derivative.	rel:definition	1
cny quarterly repo non deliverable swap rate tradition reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-Quarterly 7 day Repo Non Deliverable Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
tac tranche	Targeted Amortization Class. This is related to a PAC tranche and has a payment schedule geared towards a specified prepayment speed (called the pricing speed). Agency CMO	rel:definition	1
debt guarantor	Some party which insures lenders against loss due to a borrower's default, death, disability, or bankruptcy.	rel:definition	1
local operating unit	a registration authority that issues legal entity identifiers and is authorized by the Global LEI Foundation to do so	rel:definition	1
derivative instrument	a financial instrument that confers on its holders certain rights or obligations, whose value is derived from one or more underlying assets	rel:definition	1
forward rate agreement	Definition needed.	rel:definition	1
defined conditions payout commitment	A commitment which is only made when certain defined conditions are met. Further notes: Like all contractual commitments, the details of the commitment (and in this case, the conditions) are defined in the corresponding Contractual Terms. These set out what the commitment is and what the conditions are under which it is to be met. Term introduced in order to support digital and other exotic options. Note this is similar to but distinct from commitments where the specific nature of the commitment (typically a cashflow) is defined by resolving some mathematical formula i.e. where the commitment to do something is not conditional but the precise monetary amounts (payment, settlement) are.	rel:definition	1
credit event	An event which has some bearing on the credit worthiness of the Reference Entity.	rel:definition	1
allotment right holder	The party which is the holder of an allotment right. This is identified as being a party which is also an existing holder of the security identified as the underlying security.	rel:definition	1
debt instrument	a financial instrument evidencing a contractual obligation by the issuer to the holder to pay cash or deliver some other asset on terms as specified	rel:definition	1
commodities spot contract	The contract defined for or implied in a Commodities spot transaction.	rel:definition	1
otc derivative contract	an over-the-counter agreement that is also a derivative instrument	rel:definition	1
duration	A length of time, whether known or unknown	rel:definition	1
duration	an interval of time of some specific length	rel:definition	1
zero coupon bond call	Call of a Zero Coupon bond.	rel:definition	1
usd ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for USD-OIS-4:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
dividend adjustment period	A period used to calculate the Deviation between Expected Dividend and Actual Dividend in that Period.	rel:definition	1
signatory	Some agent who has the capacity to sign contracts on the part of some legal person	rel:definition	1
number	A number is a mathematical object used to count, label, and measure.	rel:definition	1
government official	a person elected or appointed to administer some aspect of a government	rel:definition	1
krw cd ksda bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for KRW-CD-KSDA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
fund depositary	The party that holds and safeguards holdings owned by a fund. It is also responsible for compliance of the portfolio with legal ratios etc.	rel:definition	1
explicit interest amount calculation event	the explicit representation of the calculation event in a given period, in which an interest payment is calculated based on the rate (fixed or floating) and the notional amount (in the payment currency, and factored for Fx if necessary), on a given date	rel:definition	1
automated system	a system that reduces or eliminates the need for human involvement in order to complete a task.	rel:definition	1
variable determination method	The way in which some variable amount, quantity or value is determined or is to be determined.	rel:definition	1
bond continuous call type	bond may be called at any time	rel:definition	1
debt issue over allotment terms	Terms for Change to an Issue Amount for Debt securities	rel:definition	1
non agency jump tranche	A Jump Z tranche is like a Z tranche but if there is some sort of trigger event reached then the holders of the Jump Z tranche will begin to receive payments. Regular non-Sticky Jump Z tranches maintain their changed status only while the trigger event is in effect, and revert to their old payment status once the trigger event has passed.	rel:definition	1
stockholders equity	equity held in a concern by stockholders	rel:definition	1
securities underwriting issuance	Underwriting, as a method of Securities Issuance.	rel:definition	1
price exchange specification	The specification of a price in terms of the exchange of some quantity of some item of value in return for some quantity of the item so priced. That is, a simple price or exchange ratio which specifies the amount of an asset that will be exchanged for another asset;	rel:definition	1
business calendar code	The Calendar for a particular business center, which defines what are the working days in that center.	rel:definition	1
cbo deal	An issue of Collateralized Bond Obligation notes.	rel:definition	1
floating rate fixing value	value of floating interest rate amount during a given calculation period, along with the relevant parameters in its calculation	rel:definition	1
auto loan	A loan specifically for the purpose of automobile purchase.	rel:definition	1
krw quarterly annual swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for KRW-Quarterly Annual Swap Rate-3:30-ICAP	rel:definition	1
loan prepayment terms set	Terms governing prepayments of the principal on a loan by the borrower.	rel:definition	1
contract clause	A set of contractual terms, grouped according to subject, intent or the type of rights and / or obligations to which it refers.	rel:definition	1
capability	A capability represents the ability to perform a particular type of work and may involve people with particular skills and knowledge, intellectual property, defined practices, operating facilities, tools and equipment.	rel:definition	1
capability	The ability of a thing to do or have done to it	rel:definition	1
jpy ois icap	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-OIS-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
temporal value	a single value representing some kind of time, including multiply occurring time values	rel:definition	1
interest calculation expression	How the Formula is expressed i.e. the Right Hand Side of the Formula. This has separate parameters for Base and Margin. The overall Expression is not modeled but may be additionally described in a free form text field.	rel:definition	1
ordinary share yield	The return on an equity instrument investment.	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
bond equivalent yield	Yield determined on an equivalent basis to the yield of another bond. This is used to be able to realistically compare prices between debt instruments across different markets.	rel:definition	1
bermuda exercise convention	A feature of an option that states it can be exercised at different times during the life of the option. The various times set for exercise are written within the option and allow for flexibility for both the writer and holder of the option.	rel:definition	1
factor calculation formula	Formula for the determination of some variable factor which is then used in subsequent calculations. The result of such a formula is a parameter referred to by another formula.	rel:definition	1
region	Some area of land, either within a country or state or encompassing several countries and states, and referred to as a Region for some purpose or other.	rel:definition	1
mortgage indemnity insurance policy	The physical policy for the Mortgage Indemnity Guaranty.	rel:definition	1
cash disbursement response message	"SWIFT: Term: \""Cash\"" Definition: \""Distribution of cash to holders.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
cash disbursement response message	""Notification of response opting to take cash."	rel:definition	1
company warrant	Warrants which are issued by the issuer of the underlying.	rel:definition	1
japanese simple yield calculation method	No definition.Term put here from memory. 02 Dec changed from Japanese Yield to Japanese Simple Yield. note hat Japanese Compound yield also here (from FIBIM or anothe rlist, added 25 nov with the rest).	rel:definition	1
credit evaluation product	a particular kind of credit evaluation	rel:definition	1
closing price determination method	The way in which a price is determined, usually by an exchange or trading venue, for example when publishing a closing price.	rel:definition	1
unit issuer	The party which issues the Fund Unit.	rel:definition	1
obligation credit event	An event which relates specifically to an individual security issued by the Reference Entity (the Reference Obligation).	rel:definition	1
raw materials sector	a classifier used for price indices related to raw materials purchased by industries in Canada for further processing	rel:definition	1
usd prime	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Prime-H.15	rel:definition	1
partial call feature	These are terms whereby the issuer can recall part of the issue on scheduled dates but there is no specific amount defined for those dates. Consenus:Yes	rel:definition	1
credit institution	an undertaking the business of which is to take deposits or other repayable funds from the public and to grant credits for its own account, and to which authorisation has been granted to operate within the European Union and European Economic Area countries (EEA)	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle	a lifecycle that defines the evolution of a trade, from initiation through settlement	rel:definition	1
municipal note	A short-term obligation of an issuer to repay a specified principal amount on a certain date, together with interest at a stated rate, usually payable from a defined source of anticipated revenues. Notes usually mature in one year or less, although notes of longer maturities are also issued.	rel:definition	1
cash dividend event	Distribution of cash to shareholders, in proportion to their equity holding. Ordinary dividends are recurring and regular. Shareholder must take cash and is not offered a choice in the form of distribution.	rel:definition	1
opton adjusted yield	NB specified as a spread. synonym: OAS Based on different Int Rate paths. There are different OAS models just like there are different Yield methods. Also would make reference to the Yield Curve - but these are parameters that go into that model. Limit this model at the point where it distinguishes the difference between things - we are not in a position to mathematically model the things themselves, just capture the basic facts.	rel:definition	1
credit trade line	an information product derived from the transaction history of a credit account	rel:definition	1
next call	The next call of the issue, as at the current time.	rel:definition	1
futures commodity underlying	A negotiable commodity as the underlying of a Futures contract.	rel:definition	1
cash balance	A balance of cash. This is identified as an amount of cash which is denominated with a currency.	rel:definition	1
step date	The date from which the next set of coupon terms specified in the Step Schedule takes effect.	rel:definition	1
commercial paper issuer	Any entity that issues Commercial Paper. This includes corporations but the Special Purpose Entities that issue Asset Backed Commercial Paper (ABCP) and some mutual funds also issue CP. Can also be a banks, an institution, pretty much anything. There are no hard and fast criteria for this. Therefore this is defined as being any kind of Organization or any kind of Government.	rel:definition	1
portfolio	a collection of investments (financial assets) such as stocks, bonds and cash equivalents, as well as mutual funds	rel:definition	1
interest rate	an amount charged, expressed as a percentage of principal, by a lender to a borrower for the use of assets	rel:definition	1
numeric index	the change in some aggregate relative to the value of the aggregate at a reference period	rel:definition	1
employment situation establishment survey	a survey conducted on a regular basis that presents analytical information related to the labor force of a given statistical area, surveyed with respect to businesses, and is, for the most part, seasonally adjusted	rel:definition	1
material amount	A qualified amount of some continuous substance or some thing measured in units. Material Amount is always qualified by some unit in which the substance is measured.	rel:definition	1
bond exchange last price	The last (or most recent) valuation.	rel:definition	1
sovereign state	a nonphysical juridical entity that is represented by one centralized government that has sovereignty over a geographic area	rel:definition	1
settlement date rule	a rule for determining dates by reference to some calendar or specification of settlement dates	rel:definition	1
call feature	a redemption provision defining the schedule and price of redemption prior to maturity	rel:definition	1
establishment employment	the total number of persons who work in or for the establishment including working proprietors, active business partners and unpaid family workers, as well as persons working outside the establishment when paid by and under the control of the establishment, for example, sales representatives, outside service engineers and repair and maintenance personnel	rel:definition	1
employment situation household survey	a survey conducted on a regular basis that presents analytical information related to the labor force of a given statistical area, surveyed with respect to households, and is, for the most part, seasonally adjusted	rel:definition	1
electronic price determination method	Other price determination method. More information required.	rel:definition	1
business entity	an entity that is formed and administered as per commercial law in order to engage in business activities	rel:definition	1
scrip dividend	Dividend paid in the form of scrip (temporary certificate) which represents the company's promise to pay a cash dividend. Occurs when earnings are sufficient but issuer wishes to conserve cash holdings. Shareholders are not offered a choice.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-11:00	rel:definition	1
geographical feature	Some named physical location on Earth, identified geographically such as a specific land area, city or geographical feature. Scope Note: This is usually an alternative way of describing some geophysical extent or location, for example describing a city as a city as distinct from describing the physical extent of that city. Many concepts may therefore extend from this and from Geophysical or Geospatial concepts. For many purposes, modelers may ignore this class. Scope Note: This differs from Geophysical Location in that may include geographical features identified as points on the Earth's surface, or as linear features such as rivers and shorelines.	rel:definition	1
influence based de facto control	Some influence and control over some entity other than by means of investment in that entity.	rel:definition	1
forward cash settlement commitment	A commitment to settle a cash amount at an agreed date in the future.	rel:definition	1
premium payer	The party responsible for making the payment of an Equity Option Premium.	rel:definition	1
legal capacity	the capacity to carry out certain actions or to have certain rights	rel:definition	1
commodity return leg	Return on the value of an underlying commodity.	rel:definition	1
corporate bond	A debt security issued by a corporation, as opposed to those issued by a government or municipality.	rel:definition	1
drip	A kind of financial contract.	rel:definition	1
cny cnrepofix cfxs reuters	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-CNREPOFIX=CFXS-Reuters	rel:definition	1
fund investor type	The type of party that is eligible to invest in a fund.	rel:definition	1
inherent potential	The inherent potential to be able do a thing. This is the capability of acquiring the ability to do a thing. Further Notes The synonym \"Capacity\" for this concept is itself is a homonym of Capacity in the sense of the cubic capacity of some vessel. The thing this is a capability of, is the act of learning or acquiring some other ability.	rel:definition	1
registered security	a security that is registered with some registration authority and that may be traded in some trading venue (market)	rel:definition	1
business site	An address from which a business entity carries out its business, such as a shop or offices. This is the address which is generally shown on advertising by that company.	rel:definition	1
lien guaranty	Guaranty takes the form of a lien, that is a creditor's claim against property, eg, a mortgage is a lien against a house.	rel:definition	1
worthless	Announcement by the regulator that the security has become worthless.	rel:definition	1
medium term note	A Medium Term Note is a Negotiable debt instrument offered under a program agreement through one or more dealers upon request of the Issuer. The Program defines the terms and conditions of the notes. An MTN issue is defined by the fact that the registration doesn't have a pre-defined maturity.	rel:definition	1
other investment fund information	Things which are not part of the prospectus but are important if you want to understand the fund.	rel:definition	1
cash securities delivery	Delivery of a security in cash	rel:definition	1
proprietary security identification scheme	a security identification scheme published by a data provider or other commercial entity	rel:definition	1
corporate modification event	Some change in details of some company, which needs to be described for publicly issued securities issued by that company.	rel:definition	1
lender	a party that extends credit or money to a borrower with the expectation of being repaid, usually with interest	rel:definition	1
form	Written information entered into a physical document or a computer application containing information entered by a person.	rel:definition	1
zar prime average reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-PRIME-AVERAGE-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
municipal trustee	A financial institution with trust powers, designated by the issuer or borrower, that acts, pursuant to a bond contract, in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the bondholders in enforcing the terms of the bond contract. In many cases, the trustee also acts as custodian, paying agent, registrar and/or transfer agent for the bonds	rel:definition	1
negative pledge	Guaranty whereby the issuer will not pledge any assets if doing so would result in less security for the investors.	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap eurex lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-3M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
publisher	a party responsible for the printing or distribution of digital or printed information	rel:definition	1
repo lender	The lender in the repurchase agreement.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap cme lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-6M EURIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
current equity status	Information about the status of the equity at a given point in time.	rel:definition	1
regulatory report	a report required to support operational transparency that demonstrates compliance with some specification, law, policy, restriction, or other rule specified by a regulatory agency	rel:definition	1
aud bbr bbsw	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-BBR-BBSW	rel:definition	1
partner	a member of a partnership	rel:definition	1
market correlation risk party	A party which is party to some undue dependency in their market of operation, such as undue reliance of a particular market sector for their economic survival.	rel:definition	1
published information	Information put into the public domain by some party or sold at a profit.	rel:definition	1
twd taibir	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-TAIBIR01	rel:definition	1
contractual control	Control vested in an entity by virtue of the terms in some contract between that entity and others.	rel:definition	1
corporate action holder response	Response by the Holder of a security, to a previous Offer made by the Issuer.	rel:definition	1
swap lifecycle event	an event that occurs during the lifecycle of a swap, where the overall set of events includes those specific to the issuer, front office, middle office, and/or back office processes	rel:definition	1
cp typical duration description	The formal description of the typical period of time which is the mayturity of a Commercial Paper instrument.	rel:definition	1
significant shareholding company	a company that owns a significant voting stake in another company	rel:definition	1
junior equity priority terms set	The precise terms which define the seniority of this class of Equity. This is equity which has the lowest call on the assets of the issuer in the event of it being wound up, i.e. after Senior Equity and (if issued) other classes of equity.	rel:definition	1
note stake in fund	A stake held in a fund by way of a note.	rel:definition	1
scheduled calculation period end event	the end date of a specific calculation period	rel:definition	1
retained earnings	the portion of net income which is retained by the corporation rather than distributed to its owners as dividends	rel:definition	1
credit facility tranche	An individual tranche of the Credit Facility. This is the maximal amount of credit that can be extended to the potential borrower for the stated purpose.	rel:definition	1
pool backed security issuer	The issuer of a Pool Backed Security. This may be an Asset Backed Security, Mortgage Backed Security or CDO.	rel:definition	1
application information	A formal application by some party to some other party, in which the requesting party sets out some requirement which they request to be fulfilled by the other party.	rel:definition	1
potential muni underwriter	An intermediary between an issuer of a security and the investing public. An underwriter can either be DTC Participant or Correspondent who would clear the underwriting deal using the Crediting Participant.	rel:definition	1
policy	A high-level overall plan embracing the general goals and acceptable procedures especially of a governmental body Further notes: A policy defines the requirements and constraints for a strategy in which some entity pursues some goals.	rel:definition	1
put feature	a redemption provision giving the holder the right, but not the obligation, to sell a specified amount of the debt instrument (i.e., redeem it), prior to maturity	rel:definition	1
eur isda euribor swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-12:00	rel:definition	1
equity forward contract	Definition needed	rel:definition	1
publisher	An organization (such as a publishing house) which makes information. available.	rel:definition	1
bond with partial call	A bond with a feature whereby the issue can be partially called for amounts that are at the discretion of the issuer.	rel:definition	1
cdo squared deal	An issue of CDO Squared notes.	rel:definition	1
floating point value	A floating point representation of a number. Note that this class is not intended to be used directly (in these cases use xsd:double) but is intended to be subclassed with values with business semantic intent.	rel:definition	1
loan mig provider	Mortgage Indemnity Guaranty (MIG) provider. Further notes: SME Review notes 16 Sept: Guaranty - mortgage insurance e.g. insure up to 80% exposure. When you get into indemnification, then for instance if the product doesn't meet the investor's requirement such that if it doesn't get paid then the lender steps in and takes the hit for the loan - this is usually a precondition for securitizing (issuing) the loan in a pool. If the loan is not going to be sold on the secondary market there would be no need to indemnify that loan so this term would not apply. Indemnification is insurance for the investor, while the lender is the one providing that indemnification.	rel:definition	1
bond option underlying transaction	A transaction which is defined in a bond option contract and which may or may not take place, at the discretion of the holder of the option. If it does take place, this will be a transaction for the purchase or sale of the deliverable underlying (in this case a bond) as defined in the option contract.	rel:definition	1
credit card abs	These are generally issued by a bank and backed by largely unsecured obligations owed by individuals to the issuer of the card. Definition origin:CESR	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-OIS-10:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
jurisdiction strategy	Strategy which is jurisdiction based.	rel:definition	1
extension provision	contract terms that specify the conditions under which a contract can be extended	rel:definition	1
bond future underlying	The Bond which is the underlying instrument of a Bond Future contract.	rel:definition	1
bond future	A future instrument where the underlying is a bond.	rel:definition	1
notifying party	The party which is able to issue formal notices indicating that a Credit Event has taken place, by means of a credit event notice.	rel:definition	1
consumer credit reference agency	Applicable regulations: vary by jurisdiciton. for example, only being allowed ot divulge actual judgements against a party, but not things that are not substantiated by judgements. For example, slow payments which are not covered by some judgement against the party. There will be different regulatory requirments about: 1. What the CR Agency can hold 2. Who they can divulge it to 3. What information they must provide the borrower at his/her request Some of the third thing there is covered in the EU the Data Protection Directive and local acts that implement this.	rel:definition	1
bank holding company	any company that owns and/or has direct or indirect control of one or more banks; BHCs may also own nonbanking subsidiaries such as broker-dealers and asset managers	rel:definition	1
derivatives exchange	Exchange where futures contracts and options on futures contracts are traded.	rel:definition	1
contractual transaction obligation	An obligation which is one perspective on a commitment which is both a contractual commitment and a transaction-related economic commitment.	rel:definition	1
usd bma municipal swap index	the FpML floating interest index for USD-BMA Municipal Swap Index	rel:definition	1
physical asset	A Physical Thing held by some party and having some value.	rel:definition	1
self regulating organization	a non-governmental organization that has the power to create and exercise some degree of regulatory authority over an industry or profession in some country or group of countries	rel:definition	1
attachment action	The combination of different security types to create a unit. Units are usually comprised of warrants and bond or warrants and equity. Securities may be combined at the request of the security holder or based on market convention. Further NOtes: is there some common term for these (see Detachment event)?; Are there separate scenarios for attachment of different kinds of security. Definition says \"usually\" Warrant. Probably applies to any fungible securities, whether or not warrants. For example two fungible tranches of a debt issues, that are funged later on in their life. Are these ever notified differently or have different details for warrants, fungible debt etc.? No. the message can relate to any, and the event defined here can be defined in terms of \"any\" securities.	rel:definition	1
jpy stpr quoting banks	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-STPR-Quoting Banks	rel:definition	1
occurrence	An Occurrence is a happening of an OccurrenceKind. Each Occurrence has a DateTimeStamp, which identifies when the Occurrence happened, and a Location (possibly virtual), that identifies where the Occurrence happened.	rel:definition	1
dkk cibor dkna	the FpML floating interest index for DKK-CIBOR-DKNA13	rel:definition	1
debt finance	Funds loaned or extended from one party to another for some purpose. Further notes: This is a loan or a debt security principal amount. This term is distinguished from \"Debt\" or \"Credit\" in that the latter are balances at a point in time; however it is also referred to as debt for example in debt securities, since a loaned or securitized amount constitutes a debt when it is advanced (and ceases to constitute a debt when it is paid off). As such, this usually has interest payable and may have collateral. In Islamic products there is no interest. This may be a loan (realized as a draw-down on a credit facillity) or it may be a debt set up as part of the issuance of a debt security.	rel:definition	1
debt redenomination	Event by which the unit (currency and/or nominal) of a debt is restated, eg, a debt in a national currency unit is restated in euro.	rel:definition	1
chf saron ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-SARON-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
debt yield to average life	The yield achieved by substituting a bond's average life for the issue's final maturity date.	rel:definition	1
federal state	a self-governing geopolitical unit which forms part of a wider geopolitical unit that is recognized as a country	rel:definition	1
unemployed population	a subset of the civilian labor force that is considered to have had no employment but was available for work, except for temporary illness, and had made specific efforts to find employment sometime during a specified period, during the reporting period	rel:definition	1
cad tbill isdd	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-TBILL-ISDD	rel:definition	1
creditor	a party to whom an obligation, such as an amount of money, or good, or performance of some service exists	rel:definition	1
licensed agent	any individual who is licensed to perform a legally binding function, and who has been legally empowered to act on behalf of another party	rel:definition	1
otc bond option	Definition needed.	rel:definition	1
loan early prepayment terms	Terms governing the prepayment in full of a loan early in the life of that loan.	rel:definition	1
conversion suspension notification	Suspensiion of conversion of securities generally a couple of weeks before a meeting takes place. SWIFT = SCOP	rel:definition	1
rights distribution notification	Notification of the distribution of rights to shareholders, in proportion to their equity holding.	rel:definition	1
projected coupon payment value	Projected Coupon amount, along with parameters defining when and how this is projected.	rel:definition	1
corporate event or action communication	Communication about an event, action or status. Further Notes Includes name changes, consent (communication only) and others. Pre marketing agreements and so on. Note: some of these are very data driven, some are not. General meetings and so on.	rel:definition	1
cad ba isdd	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-BA-ISDD	rel:definition	1
multilateral trading facility	a trading system that facilitates the exchange of financial instruments between multiple parties	rel:definition	1
for profit corporation	a corporation whose objective is to make money, in other words, to ensure realization of a financial benefit such that the amount of revenue gained from a business activity exceeds the expenses, costs and taxes needed to sustain that activity	rel:definition	1
php phiref reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for PHP-PHIREF-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
skk bribor bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for SKK-BRIBOR-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
industry sector classifier	a standardized classification or delineation for an organization, or possibly for a security representing an interest in a given organization, per some scheme for such delineation, by industry	rel:definition	1
corporate action securities delivery obligation	Some obligation to deliver some security in the thr context of corporate actions. All cash proceeds and security proceeds can be represented a s acontractual obligation. Where does that obligation arise? Usually in the Contract itself - but there may be other answers to this. Defines what has to be delivered. or paid. Entitlement meanwhile is a calculation based on the Contract.	rel:definition	1
market	a market is a venue that allows buyers and sellers of goods, commodities, services, etc. to conduct business, including markets where securities may be traded	rel:definition	1
collateralized debt	Debt issued under some Security, with some Collateral.	rel:definition	1
otc interest rate option	An option that tracks the cap and floor of an underlying interest rate.	rel:definition	1
municipal debt obligor	A party having a financial obligation or arrangement to make the payment of all or part of debt service on municipal securities. The obligor is often the issuer but may be a conduit borrower of municipal securities proceeds.	rel:definition	1
contractual relationship	A relationship in which two or more parties have some contractual obligations or extend some rights under a contract, to one another.	rel:definition	1
investment strategy	A plan, method, or series of maneuvers or stratagems for obtaining a specific investment goal.	rel:definition	1
credit inquiry	a request from a lender to a credit repository to obtain information regarding a prospective borrower's creditworthiness	rel:definition	1
family office	a family office as defined in the relevant legislation	rel:definition	1
eur basis swap eonia eur ibor swap rates icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR Basis Swap-EONIA vs 3m EUR+IBOR Swap Rates-A/360-10:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
micropolitan statistical area	one or more adjacent counties or county equivalents that have at least one urban core area of at least 10,000 population but less than 50,000, plus adjacent territory that has a high degree of social and economic integration with the core as measured by commuting ties	rel:definition	1
credit event notice	An irrevocable written or verbal notice that describes a credit event that has occurred.	rel:definition	1
loan market category	a category indicating the market domain in which the loan product is offered	rel:definition	1
business recurrence interval convention	a convention for modeling recurring days, such as the end of the month, a particular day of the month, a day of the week, or more specifically, a t-bill auction date	rel:definition	1
fund investment objective	The aim of a Fund e.g outperfom a given benchmark.	rel:definition	1
debt instrument pool analytic	A measure of some aspect of the behaviour or a pool of securitized debt i.e. a pool of debt instruments. Futher Notes: Nothing defined under this yet. We have analytics for pools of individual debt products (mortgages, loans, auto loans), but not the equivalent sorts of terms implied for a securitixed debt pool. Presumably these would be aggregate terms similar or equivalent to analytics for debt instruments, such as yield, average live, convixity and so on. As such these would be similar to porfolio analytics (not modeled).	rel:definition	1
equity exchange published price	A price determined by and published by an exchange, based on some parameters applied to actual prices of trades or offers on that exchange during the present day or to the present time. Question: do the ECNs have all these as well? Note that some of these kinds of price (e.g. High Low), may also exist for the Market as a whole - these are a separate meaning.	rel:definition	1
lifecycle stage	a phase in a lifecycle	rel:definition	1
option daily settlement price	The official price at the end of a trading session. This price is established by The Options Clearing Corporation and is used to determine changes in account equity, margin requirements, and for other purposes.	rel:definition	1
rate	The rate of change of some measurable parameter over some period of time.	rel:definition	1
rate	a quantity measured with respect to some other quantity	rel:definition	1
payment history	a record of actual payments of principal, interest, and other related amounts made by a borrower to a lender or servicer in order to fulfill their re-payment obligation	rel:definition	1
account receivable balance	Balance of accounts receivable	rel:definition	1
publicly issued debt	an issued debt in the form of a tradable debt instrument (security)	rel:definition	1
knock out	An option which ceases to exist if the knock-out event occurs. A knock out happens when a particular level is hit (like the Swiss franc touching the level of 1.10 against the dollar), when the option ceases to exist.	rel:definition	1
business day type	When calculating the number of days between two dates the count includes only business days.	rel:definition	1
financial asset	An asset consisting of one or more financial instruments, treated as an asset	rel:definition	1
fixed float interest rate swap	an interest rate swap in which fixed interest payments on the notional are exchanged for floating interest payments	rel:definition	1
lending goal	Reasons for extending loans and credit, i.e. the organisation has a goal to create capital growth by extending credit or making loans.	rel:definition	1
shares distribution event	The distribution of shares in response to the exercise of some rights.	rel:definition	1
contractual economic agreement	An economic agreement forming part of a transaction, which has contractual standing as evidenced by a contract between the two parties to the Agreement.	rel:definition	1
measurement unit	a quantity, defined and adopted by convention, with which any other quantity of the same kind can be compared to express the ratio of the two quantities as a number	rel:definition	1
tax withholding grossup obligation	Grossup Obligations in respect of Tax, that is an obligation to deduct or withhold tax in respect of payments made under transactions governed by the Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
publicly issued equity	The equity which exists in an incorporated company, which has been issued to the public in the form of shares. This class defines the equity itself, as distinct from the shares which give a holder the ownership of that equity, i.e. this is what is owned by the share holder.	rel:definition	1
executive board member	An individual performing the role of a board member of a company who also has executive responsibilities in the company.	rel:definition	1
reporting frequency policy	Frequency with which financial reports will be presented.	rel:definition	1
modified duration analytic	The percentage price change of a security for a given change in yield. The higher the modified duration of a security, the higher its risk. Ad/ModDuration = [duration / {1 + (IRR/M)}]; where IRR is the internal rate of return and M is the number of compounding periods per year.	rel:definition	1
equity option underlying	The equity security that must be delivered when the option contract is exercised.	rel:definition	1
employment population ratio	an economic indicator representing the ratio of the employed population with respect to the overall civilian non-institutional population of a given economy for some specified period	rel:definition	1
thb sor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for THB-SOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
client identifier	an identifier for a client	rel:definition	1
municipal debt issuer	A Municipality, acting in the capacity of an Issuer. The Issuer of a Municipal Debt is a Municipality, which is identified as a State Actor governing on the part of a Municipal Area or City. This is equivalent to a Legal Entity.	rel:definition	1
non depository trust company	a trust company that accepts and executes trusts, but does not issue currency; non-depository trust companies can either be Federal Reserve Members or Federal Reserve Non-members	rel:definition	1
borrower	a party to a debt instrument that is obligated to repay the amount borrowed (principal) with interest and other fees according to the terms of the instrument	rel:definition	1
non executive board member	Some person performing the role of a Board Member of a company, and having no executive responsibilities towards the running of the company.	rel:definition	1
usd annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Annual Swap Rate-4:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
registration identifier scheme	the scheme that defines the registration identifier per the issuing registration authority	rel:definition	1
certificate of deposit	A certificate of deposit (CD) is a money market instrument issued by a depository institution as evidence of a time deposit.	rel:definition	1
index or basket option entitlement	The entitlements to the holder of a basket or index option, comprised in an option contract or transaction supplement.	rel:definition	1
collateralized guaranty	Guaranty which takes the form of some Collateral. e.g. if a Security is guaranteed by collateral, assets (the Collateral) are pledged to a lender until a loan is repaid.	rel:definition	1
religious law	Some set of laws derived from and practised in the name of some religion.	rel:definition	1
entity expiration reason enumeration	an enumerated datatype specifying the reason that a legal entity ceased to exist and/or operate as specified in the LEI registry for that entity	rel:definition	1
option barrier feature terms	Formal terms setting out when and under what circumstances the option contract is deemed to be in force. This takes the form of an event and the relationship between the event and the applicability of the option.	rel:definition	1
cdo portfolio	A portfolio in which the reference assets of the CDO are held.	rel:definition	1
financial instrument identifier	an identifier for a financial instrument	rel:definition	1
debt stake in fund	A stake held in a fund by way of a Bond Unit.	rel:definition	1
usd ois ny icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-OIS-3:00-NY-ICAP	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle event occurrence	an occurrence of an event that occurs during a specific stage of a specific product lifecycle	rel:definition	1
controlling interest option holder	A party which holds some option which may be exercised to confer on that party some de jure controlling interest at some time in the future and at the discretion of that holder.	rel:definition	1
fund portfolio investment limitations	Detailed Policy on approximately how the portfolio is to be allocated to achieve the stated investment goals. This underpins the detailed strategy of how to achieve this.	rel:definition	1
capital reserves distribution	Distribution of capital reserves of the issuing company. Further Notes Distribution comes from earnings and reduces the capital base. REVIEW: How does this differ from CAPG? That is, does this scenario exist outside of funds capital gains distribution?	rel:definition	1
jpy mutancall tonar	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-MUTANCALL-TONAR	rel:definition	1
call option buyer	The Party which is the buyer of the Call Option. This party has the option but not the obligation to transact as the Buyer of the Option Underlying.	rel:definition	1
forward valuation terms set	Terms for valuation of underlying(s) for a Forward Contract.	rel:definition	1
virtual location	a place that is not located in any single physical location; a network location without geographic boundaries	rel:definition	1
credit index constituent	a constituent of a basket of credit risks, such as an event represented in a credit index	rel:definition	1
change of security trading status event	An event in which the trading status of a tradable security changes.	rel:definition	1
otc bond market price	The price determined for the marketplace for a bond which is traded over the counter.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap cme lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-3M EURIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
draft tranche structure	Draft of set of information defining the tranches in the tranched issue and how these relate to one another. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
frn date rule	The rule applied to FRN instruments as defined in the ISDA definitions of 2000, Section 4.11, as defined in those rules for either or both of 'FRN Convention' and 'Eurodollar Convention'.	rel:definition	1
other amounts obligation	"Obligation in regard to other defaults on obligations. Example Contract Text: \""If, prior to the occurrence or effective designation of an Early Termination Date in respect of the relevant Transaction, a party defaults in the performance of any obligation required to be settled by delivery, it will compensate the other party on demand if and to the extent provided for in the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement. \""	rel:definition	1
other amounts obligation	otc derivatives master agreement obligation	rel:broader	1
other amounts obligation	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/DER/AboutDER/DERSpecification>	<http://purl.org/dc/terms/isPartOf>	1
other amounts obligation	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/DerivativesContractsExt/OTCDerivativeMasterAgreements/OtherAmountsObligation>	rel:isDefinedBy	1
other amounts obligation	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
constant	""a symbol that represents a constant in a formula or expression"	rel:definition	1
subscription right holder	The party which is the holder of a subscription right. This is identified as being a party which is also an existing holder of the security identified as the underlying security.	rel:definition	1
debt asset interest return stream	A leg which embodies the interest payments on a debt instrument which is the reference asset for a Swap.	rel:definition	1
capital reserves distribution notification	Notification of distribution of capital reserves of the issuing company.	rel:definition	1
krw bond	the FpML floating interest index for KRW-Bond-3222	rel:definition	1
restriction	Anything which prevents something being done which might otherwise be done. The Restriction is defined relative to the thing which might otherwise be done, which may be an activity of some sort. It is therefore a Relative Thing, with a property identifying that act or event.	rel:definition	1
loan or credit account	an account associated with a service in which the account holder receives funds from the account provider under certain terms and conditions for repayment	rel:definition	1
reputation	The goal of a business to maintain or enhance its reputation.	rel:definition	1
county court judgment	Satisfaction code associated with a county court judgement can have values satisfied/unsatisfied. This is a value changing event.	rel:definition	1
yield	The yield of a financial instrument based on its current price is the return to the investor expressed as an annual percentage.	rel:definition	1
commitment at large	a commitment made by some party without direct involvement from the potential beneficiaries of that commitment	rel:definition	1
priority level	the level of priority that guaranty has in the context of the contract, for example for a credit enhancement priority	rel:definition	1
suite	A subdivision of a building for which the purposes are not clearly defined or may be variable, generally consisting of a number of contiguous rooms on one or more floors.	rel:definition	1
build america bond	Taxable municipal securities issued through December 31, 2010 under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA). BABs may be direct pay subsidy bonds or tax credit bonds.	rel:definition	1
idr idrfix	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-IDRFIX	rel:definition	1
cny shibor ois compounding	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-Shibor-OIS-Compounding	rel:definition	1
debt security offer price	A price quoted for sale of a quantity of a debt security in the marketplace. This may be either the OTC market or a securities exchange or a composite market consisting of several exchanges or trading facilities.	rel:definition	1
novated option contract	An Option Contract after the stage where a Derivatives Exchange has novated this contract and become the principal to it, for purposes of clearing and settlement. The Clearing House novates both contract. So when you are on the floor (as a Broker), you trade with another Broker. Then you take it to th eRing, and present it to the Ring. So you write a contract and give it to the ringleader, who then books it. So the party you dealt with deals with the exahcnge, and you deal with the exchange. THen there are two contracts for one deal. So the answer here is that there are two novated contracts for one Options deal. Difference: If not open outcry? In OO the deal is done and given to the ringleader, who represents the Cleaing house. When it's not open outcry, the clearing house gets the deal, books the deal, and margins it. So you don't know as much about the deal and process. This eliminiates stickiness of a market that has credit. Similar to what occurs in share markets, where clearing takes place, e.g. when someone defaults on delivery. Clearing House simply closes out the contract.	rel:definition	1
international securities identification numbering scheme	a formal definition of the structure and application of a ISINs as defined in ISO 6166	rel:definition	1
legal construct	something which is conferred by way of law or contract, such as a right	rel:definition	1
financial industry context	The context in which business activites take place within the financial industry, i.e. investment management, wholesale financial markets trading and so on.	rel:definition	1
price value	Value given to a price. FIBIM	rel:definition	1
performance determination method	A method for performance determination (e.g. Time weighted and money weighted, annualized, gross of fee) along with the time frame in which this is determined. PLUS Performances NamePeriod	rel:definition	1
relative price	a relative price with respect to either a stated or market value for a debt instrument at some point in time, defined as par, premium, or discount	rel:definition	1
nzd semi annual swap rate bgcantor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-BGCANTOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
absolate prepayment rate formula	ABS is defined by the following formula where SMM refers to Single Monthly Mortality, which measures the percentage of dollars prepaid in a given month expressed as a percentage of the scheduled loan balance. ABS = (100 * SMM)/100 + (SMM X (Age- 1)	rel:definition	1
business recurrence interval	a recurrence interval that is specified using a business recurrence interval convention	rel:definition	1
organization covering agreement	A formal agreement between the principals in a formal organization which covers the relationship between the principals, and between the principals and the entity.	rel:definition	1
liability capacity	the ability to be sued at law	rel:definition	1
contractual right	Some right conferred by some contract.	rel:definition	1
geophysical location	Some physical two dimensional extent on the surface of the Earth. Scope Note: The definition given in the FIBO Foundations specification for Physical Location defines some n- e.g. three dimensional space. This concept extends this to define a two dimensional extent on the Earth or other planets. Explanatory Note: Some of these locations may also be co-extensive with Geographical Features, the latter being named geophysical lications.	rel:definition	1
national securities identifying number registry entry	an entry in a National Securities Identifying Number registry	rel:definition	1
commercial paper	Commercial paper (CP) is unsecured short-term promissory notes issued primarily by corporations, although there are also municipal and sovereign issuers (not included in this definition).	rel:definition	1
exercise dates convention	The date terms determining when the holder or future holder of an option can implement the rights defined in the option.	rel:definition	1
cad corra ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-CORRA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
property valuer	The party which carries out the valluation of the property for the purpose of a mortgage loan. Further notes: Also: See Event State Analysis at Fannie Mae, for core processes, as partof the enterprise data architecture transformation, e.g. ESA for single family and multi family loans.	rel:definition	1
cash out status	a category indicating the extent to which funds are released to the borrower on a new loan origination that is  refinancing an existing loan	rel:definition	1
asset return stream	A leg in which the returns on an asset are paid.	rel:definition	1
investors domicile restriction	a legal holding restriction that specifies where holders of a security may be domiciled	rel:definition	1
czk pribor prbo	the FpML floating interest index for CZK-PRIBOR-PRBO	rel:definition	1
financial intermediation service	any financial service in which a third party (the intermediary) matches lenders and investors with entrepreneurs and other borrowers in need of capital	rel:definition	1
cancellation of shares	The cancellation of shares. Further Notes Only possible with shares not publicly issued i.e. treasury shares	rel:definition	1
timed based surface	A three way relationship between three variable parameters.	rel:definition	1
profit objective	an objective that reflects pursuit of a financial benefit that may be realized when the amount of revenue gained from a business activity exceeds the expenses, costs and taxes needed to sustain that activity	rel:definition	1
rub annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-Annual Swap Rate-12:45-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
legally deliverable location	An address which is considered suitable for service of legal documents.	rel:definition	1
issued and securitized agency mortage pool	An agency mortgage pool which has been securitized as part of an agency Mortgage Backed Security.	rel:definition	1
annual general meeting	Annual General Meeting. SWIFT = MEET	rel:definition	1
percentage par	Figure specified as a percentage of Par Value	rel:definition	1
loan standardization documentation	Very specific categorization of documentation obtained by the lender at the time of origination to qualify a borrower. Documentation Types vary from lender to lender and need to be completely understood. takes a code list in the data world see eg S&P codes of these. not exhaustive? example tax returns etc. categorize as hi low or medium type of doc risk there are also 'no doc' mtges	rel:definition	1
abstention response	Vote expressed as abstain. In this case, the issuing company will add the number of shares to the quorum of the meeting.	rel:definition	1
mortgage loan contract	a loan contract that is secured by real property	rel:definition	1
mortgage loan contract	A mortgage loan contract setting out the terms and conditions for a mortgage.	rel:definition	1
central bank	a financial institution that is the monetary authority and major regulatory bank for a country (or group of countries)	rel:definition	1
payment obligation as delivery	"Sample text: \""... Where settlement is by delivery (that is, other than by payment), such delivery will be made for receipt on the due date in the manner customary for the relevant obligation unless otherwise specified in the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement. \""	rel:example	1
payment obligation as delivery	""Obligation for payment in settlement of a transaction when this payment takes the form of delivery of some payment in kind."	rel:definition	1
schedule stub	a date period before the start of the recurring part of a schedule or after the end of the recurring part, which may be associated with a specific occurrence kind	rel:definition	1
krw cd	the FpML floating interest index for KRW-CD-3220	rel:definition	1
commodity instrument	a financial instrument representing an ownership interest in a commodity such as coal, oil, precious metal, livestock, an agricultural product, etc.	rel:definition	1
interest rate swap	a swap in which the underlier for one or both legs is an interest rate	rel:definition	1
group	a collection of autonomous entities	rel:definition	1
promissory note	a promissory note is a written, signed, unconditional, and unsecured promise by one party (the maker or promisor) to another (the payee or promisee) that commits the maker to pay a specified sum on demand, or on a fixed or a determinable date	rel:definition	1
usd sifma municipal swap index	the FpML floating interest index for USD-SIFMA Municipal Swap Index	rel:definition	1
pool weighted average remaining maturity	The weighted average of the time until all maturities on loans in a pool. The higher the weighted average to maturity of the loans, the longer the loans in the pool have until maturity. REVIEW: Adapted from instrument specific definition from Investopedia. Review of 23 September identified that certain figures exist for pool and for instrument, whereas Investopedia definition was for Instrument (tranche, class etc.).	rel:definition	1
distribution method	The means by which monies or benefits accruing from the possession of something are distributed to the holders of that thing.	rel:definition	1
portfolio investment strategy	The manner in which the portfolio manager tries to reach the funds objectives.	rel:definition	1
dkk dkkois ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for DKK-DKKOIS-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
call premium	an amount over par that an issuer must pay an investor to redeem the security early	rel:definition	1
collateralized secured loan	Loan in which some asset is provided as collateral to the loan.	rel:definition	1
fund share class unit	The legal structure in which you can purchase part of an investment pool, defined by a variety of characteristics like investor type, minimum size of investment, distribution type, fee and currency. A fund unit which gives the holder an equity stake in the fund.	rel:definition	1
credit institution register entry	an entry in the Credit Institution Register, a repository of credit institutions collected by the European Banking Authority (EBA) as provided by the various national banking authorities for those institutions that qualify	rel:definition	1
locally defined credit basket	A basket of securities and/or reference entities monitored for credit purposes.	rel:definition	1
depository institution	any financial institution engaged in the business of receiving demand deposits from the public or other institutions	rel:definition	1
licensor	a party who grants a license	rel:definition	1
licensor	The issuer of a license such as a software llicense.	rel:definition	1
re po party	A party to a repurchase agreement.	rel:definition	1
investment equity	equity that represents an ownership interest in some entity, but may or may not take the form of stockholder's equity	rel:definition	1
arithmetic mean	the sum of a collection of numbers divided by the number of numbers in the collection	rel:definition	1
contractual option	The option to take up some right at some future time, at the discretion of the party defined as the holder of this option in the contract.	rel:definition	1
chf libor bba	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
eur euribor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap eurex lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-6M EURIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
stock split	The increase in a company's number of outstanding shares of stock without any change in the shareholder's equity or the aggregate market value at the time of the split.	rel:definition	1
corporate officer	The executives of a corporation charged with certain operational responsibilities. Typically appointed by the board of directors, the corporate officers usually include the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Financial Officer (CFO), President, and in some corporations the Chief Operating Officer.	rel:definition	1
subscription right	"Why prevailing? It could be a new security of exactly the same class. Is this always new securities? Notes May 25: May be more an accounting or legal term for bonus issue, more accurate than scrip or bonus issue which reflects what happens in the books of the company. THis would mean that capitalization issue is seemingly synonymous with Bonus Issue / Scrip Issue (see moneytterms.co.uk which says that capitalization is less common but more correct, for scrip. \""The share capital on the balance sheet has to increate by the nominal value of the newly issued shares. This is balanced by an equal decrease in another part of hte shareholder's funds such as retained income of valuation reserves\""	rel:editorialNote	1
subscription right	""Privileges allotted to existing security holders, entitling them to subscribe to new securities at a price normally lower than the prevailing market price."	rel:definition	1
redemption	Repayment in full of a debt security, investment trust or a preferred stock issue, at stated maturity. SWIFT = REDM	rel:definition	1
controlling interest party	Some party which holds some form of controlling interest in some other party in some context.	rel:definition	1
fund cash distribution policy	Policy for distribution of cash dividends or notes in the event that the fund units have a distribution policy of \"Cash\" rather than \"Reinvestment\".	rel:definition	1
securities issuance process	The process by which a financial security is issued.	rel:definition	1
privilege	The alienable liberty to do something.	rel:definition	1
average daily earnings	a measure of the average daily wage an employee makes over the reporting period	rel:definition	1
financial future	A futures contract based on a financial instrument.	rel:definition	1
principal strip	A Debt Instrument which consists of the principal component alone, of a Debt Security.	rel:definition	1
try tryibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for TRY-TRYIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
sole controlling party	an individual entity that directs the affairs of some formal business organization	rel:definition	1
current share status	Information about the status of the security at a given point in time.	rel:definition	1
data protection requirement	Requirements defining how data about individuals is held. Example is the EU DA directive and laws, which make the data the property of the individual that data is about. Covers - what information i sheld - who information can be divulged to. - the individual's rights in respect of that information Privacy regulations cover most of this. EU defines \"Personal Data\" and \"Sensitive Personal Data\". For credit reference agencies the latter would be covered. More detail about whether they can divulge facts which are not subject to formal judgements etc.	rel:definition	1
rate basis type	The type of basis for a percentage quoted figure, as used in specifying Bond Call percentage amounts. REVIEW: Does this same meaningful term have wider applicability?	rel:definition	1
put price	a price at which a debt instrument with a put feature may be sold by the holder	rel:definition	1
controlled party	Some party which is controlled in some way and to some degree by some other party.	rel:definition	1
bond issue information	Information about the Issuance of a Bond, which is maintained throughout the life of the Security.	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement conditions precedent	Conditions precedent on payment or delivery on a transaction transacted under this Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
inflation rate	an economic indicator representing a change in prices of goods and services for a specified period, for a given statistical area	rel:definition	1
committed credit facility	A credit facility which has been formally agreed between a potential lender and a potential borrower.	rel:definition	1
partnership with limited partners	a partnership having limited partners, that is partners whose liabilities are limited to the extent of their equity or guarantees	rel:definition	1
underlying on option	The instrument or parameter, or combinations thereof, that are used as the basis for the Option Instrument.	rel:definition	1
business strategy	A plan, method, or series of maneuvers or stratagems for obtaining a specific business goal.	rel:definition	1
usd libor isda	the FpML floating interest index for USD-LIBOR-ISDA	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm all banks bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-TIBM (All Banks)-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
canon law system	The body of laws & regulations made or adopted by ecclesiastical authority, for the government of the Christian organization and its members.	rel:definition	1
military person	a person that is a member of the active duty military	rel:definition	1
loan borrower	The Borrower of the Loan. This is the party which draws down the offered credit in the form of a loan under conditions agreed in the Loan Contract to which the Borrower is party.	rel:definition	1
forward contract seller	A seller of the underlying instrument in a Forward contract.	rel:definition	1
contractual restriction	A restriction defined in a Contract as opposed to being defined in a body of Law.	rel:definition	1
swap data repository	a financial service provider that provides a central facility for swap data reporting and recordkeeping	rel:definition	1
controlled company	a company over which another organization has some degree of control by way of ownership of voting shares	rel:definition	1
zar quarterly swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-Quarterly Swap Rate-5:30-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
security contract terms	Contractual terms of a negotiable financial security	rel:definition	1
identification scheme	system for allocating identifiers to objects	rel:definition	1
quoted price	a monetary price quoted by some publisher on a given date	rel:definition	1
odd lot sale	Sale of odd-lot back to the issuing company.	rel:definition	1
municipality	an urban administrative division having corporate status and usually powers of self-government or jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
corporate action narrative	A message containing further narrative about some corporate action. This does not relate to any specific kind of action but is an additional stand-alone message.	rel:definition	1
asset class strategy	Strategy which is asset class based.	rel:definition	1
mortgage indemnity guaranty	Mortgage Indemnity Guaranty (MIG).	rel:definition	1
reverse mortgage loan contract	a mortgage contract that pays out money to the borrower against a set principal limit that is based on the value of existing equity in the underlying collateral.	rel:definition	1
fund capital gains distribution notification	"Shareholders of Mutual Funds, Unit Trusts, or Sicavs are recipients of capital gains distributions which are often reinvested in additional shares of the fund. SWIFT full text: \""Distribution of profits resulting from the sale of securities. Shareholders of Mutual Funds, Unit Trusts, or Sicavs are recipients of capital gains distributions which are often reinvested in additional shares of the fund.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
fund capital gains distribution notification	""Notification of distribution to shareholders of funds, of profits resulting from the sale of securities."	rel:definition	1
limited partner	A partner in a partnership whose liabilities are limited to the extent of their equity holding or guarantees	rel:definition	1
debt margin spread	The spread between a Bid Price and an Offer Price.	rel:definition	1
loan party	A Party to the Loan.	rel:definition	1
treasury bill reference rate	The parameter which is the interest rate payable by the T Bill at any point in time. This therefore takes a value at any given time and has historical values in the past.	rel:definition	1
futures daily settlement price	Review whether this exists	rel:definition	1
idr semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
dispersion swap index constituents leg terms	The side of a dispersion swap where the underlying is a defined sub-set of an index, i.e. a set of constituents of that index.	rel:definition	1
legal entity identifier scheme	a scheme that specifies the elements of an unambiguous legal entity identifier (LEI) scheme to identify the legal entities relevant to any financial transaction	rel:definition	1
obligation default	One or more of the obligations have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event other than failure to pay.	rel:definition	1
observable underlier	An underlying observable which is in numeric form and does not represent a deliverable asset.	rel:definition	1
exchange security trading status	The trading status of a security on a given trading exchange.	rel:definition	1
internal rate of return	The discount rate that results in a Net Present Value of zero for a series of future cash flows.	rel:definition	1
legal entity	a partnership, corporation, or other organization having the capacity to negotiate contracts, assume financial obligations, and pay off debts, organized under the laws of some jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
student loan	A loan provided for the purposes of education.	rel:definition	1
party in role	a relative concept that ties an independent party to a specific role they are standing in in which they play some part i.e. are party to	rel:definition	1
debt price spread	The difference between the [what?] of a security and the fair price value of a different security which is used as a point of reference. The spread is used to determine the price of the instrument. (draft definition)	rel:definition	1
government bond	a bond issued by some government on behalf of some polity, including sovereign and municipal bonds	rel:definition	1
equity asset	The holding of equity securities in a portfolio.	rel:definition	1
dutch auction notification	"See notes for the event itself - there is some unclarity as to whether this notification supports one message flow or several i.e. whether it is from third party, from Issuer's Agent to holders, from third party to Issuers Agent, or all three. REVIEW SWIFT full text: \""Similar to a tender offer, a Dutch auction is an action by a party wishing to acquire a particular security. Current holders of the targeted security are invited to make an offer in which they would be willling to sell their holdings.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
dutch auction notification	""Notification of a Dutch auction, that is an action by a party wishing to acquire a particular security. Under the terms of this offer, current holders of the targeted security are invited to make an offer in which they would be willling to sell their holdings."	rel:definition	1
legal swap option	The option, that is the right but not the obligation, to enter into a Swap transaction at some time in the future under terms defined in the Swaption contract.	rel:definition	1
mandatory cash dividend event	Cash dividend with no option.	rel:definition	1
commodity forward delivery	The agreed forward delivery of a commodity or cash equivalent.	rel:definition	1
fund bond unit coupon	A fixed coupon paid out to holders of the Fund Bond Unit.	rel:definition	1
chf libor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
periodic scheduled event date	the date on which a schedule event occurs in some parametric schedule	rel:definition	1
notification message	Notification of an event.	rel:definition	1
control document	A formal document which controls some activity or process. The actual document which takes on the role of Control Document for a given activity or process is identified as a property of this Control Document.	rel:definition	1
contractual undertaking	A commitment, defined in a Contract, in which one Party to that Contract undertakes to do something or to deliver something or make some payment, to the other Party.	rel:definition	1
rights exercise event	Exercising the right to purchase the shares. Furhter Notes: This is an action on the part of the holder. SWIFT: Call/exercise on nil-paid securities/rights resulting from a rights distribution (RHDI) (To be used for the second event in case rights issue is dealt with in 2 events, first event being the RHDI).	rel:definition	1
coco bondholder	Holder of bank bonds which convert to equity holdings in a bank.	rel:definition	1
agency regular jump	Regular non-Sticky Jump Z tranches maintain their changed status only while the trigger event is in effect, and revert to their old payment status once the trigger event has passed.	rel:definition	1
ad hoc schedule	a schedule that consists of (comprises) AdHocScheduleEntries, each of which specifies a date	rel:definition	1
arrangement	an organizing structure for something	rel:definition	1
cdo reference obligation	A CDS Reference Obligation specifically defined for and referenced in a Synthectic CDO.	rel:definition	1
clearing service	a service provided to financial institutions including the validation, delivery, and settlement of financial transactions	rel:definition	1
raw material	An amount of some material intended to be used for some purpose e.g. in manufacture, refinery. Scope Note: This is out of scope for financial services applications (unless it is needed for various loan purposes). This may be implemented in manufacturing models to define various manufacturing and refinement purposes, but at this level it is more general than any one of those.	rel:definition	1
international securities identification number	a security identifier that is defined as specified in ISO 6166, Securities and related financial instruments -- International securities identification numbering system (ISIN)	rel:definition	1
national government	a government and the politicians that that run a country as a whole (as opposed to local government)	rel:definition	1
total	a sum of the values for some characteristic of all units	rel:definition	1
simple yield calculation method	The annual rate of return expressed as a percentage. This is the return divided by the outlay and multiplied by 100 to express the figure as a percentage.	rel:definition	1
nzd bbr reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-BBR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
registration capacity	the capacity of some natural person to formally register information in a registry on behalf of some registration authority	rel:definition	1
knock in	An option which comes into existence if the knock-in event happens. It works exactly the reverse of a knock-out. In a knock-in, an option comes into existence if a certain level is hit.	rel:definition	1
nzd bbr fra	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-BBR-FRA	rel:definition	1
commodities option underlying	The underlying on a Commodities Option, which is the corresponding Commodity Future contract on the same exchange.	rel:definition	1
option call transaction	A transaction which is defined in an options contract and which may or may not take place, at the discretion of the holder of the option. If it does take place, this will be a transaction for the purchase of the underlying or some cash equivalent thereof, as defined in the option contract.	rel:definition	1
warrant exercise terms set	Terms setting out how a warrant instrument may be exercised. Further Notes Exercise terms as defined here also cover the automatic exercise of the warrant in the event of its expiry. These terms include the exercise style (FIBIM = OptionStyle type OptionStyleCode) and the delivery.	rel:definition	1
board capacity	the capacity that resides in the board of directors of a company	rel:definition	1
abs issuer	The issuer of the (Cash) Asset Backed Security. This is generally a Special Purpose Vehicle set up by a corporation. Further details from riskglossary.com: To create an ABS, a corporation creates a special purpose vehicle to which it sells the assets. While is is common to speak of the corporation as the issuer of the ABS, legally, it is the trust or special purpose vehicle that is the issuer. It sells securities to investors. To protect investors from possible bankruptcy of the corporation, there are three legal safeguards: - Transfer of assets from the corporation is a non-recourse, true sale. - Investors receive a perfected interest in the assets' cash flows. - A non-consolidation legal opinion is obtained certifying that assets of the trust or special purpose vehicle cannot be consolidated with the corporation's assets in the event of bankruptcy. These same safeguards allow the corporation to remove the assets from its balance sheet. The corporation generally continues to service the assets - collecting interest and principal payments, pursuing delinquencies, etc. It is paid out of asset cash flows for providing these ongoing services.	rel:definition	1
equity forward seller	The party that sells or writes this forward instrument, that is the party which grants the rights defined by this instrument and in return receives a payment for it.	rel:definition	1
other equity priority terms set	The precise terms which define the seniority of this class of Equity. These will set it apart from the highest of lowest seniority (senior or junior debt) and may be defined for more than one additional class of equity. These terms are defined by the issuer.	rel:definition	1
qualified investor restriction	a legal holding restriction specifying that only qualified investors may hold the security, optionally for a defined holding period (if this is not defined then the period is indefinite)	rel:definition	1
gbp libor swap cme lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-6M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
bond issue prospectus	The prospectus for the bond issue describes the terms of the issue and each of the instruments included in the bond issue. Term origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
exchange specific security identification scheme	an identification scheme used by a securities exchange in issuing security identifiers	rel:definition	1
variable principal bond	A bond where the actual principal amount may vary, other than through paydown of the principal as amortization.	rel:definition	1
entity owner	a party that has some ownership interest in some entity	rel:definition	1
board member	a person who is a member of the board of directors of a corporation	rel:definition	1
usd ba reference dealers	the FpML floating interest index for USD-BA-Reference Dealers	rel:definition	1
equity basket	Any basket of equity consituents. This may be a basket of shares, of equity indices or a basket which is mixture of both.	rel:definition	1
abscdo deal	An issue of Asset Backed Security CDO notes.	rel:definition	1
legal right	A right conferred by some law.	rel:definition	1
financial service account	an account provided by a financial service provider associated with a specific financial product or service	rel:definition	1
beneficial owner	Entity that enjoys the possession and/or benefits of ownership (such as receipt of income) of a property even though its ownership (title) is in the name of another entity (called a nominee or registered owner). Use of a nominee (who may be an agent, custodian, or a trustee) does not change the position regarding tax reporting and tax liability, and the beneficial-owner remains responsible.	rel:definition	1
litigation capacity	the legal capacity to pursue a litigation action in law	rel:definition	1
civilian	a person that is not a member of the military (i.e., that is not on active duty)	rel:definition	1
rating	has some indication of the standing of the thing within some lifecycle or process.	rel:definition	1
rating	A schematic code which is used to express an opinion about something, as expressed by some agent. This may take different values at different times, as the agent expressing that opinion may revise it from time to time.	rel:definition	1
rating	The standing of some thing within some lifecycle or process.	rel:definition	1
rating	that of which the status represents some standing within some lifecycle or process which varies over time.	rel:definition	1
credit score number	a credit score that is a quantitative measure	rel:definition	1
derivatives price determination method	Method by which prices are arrived at for derivatives securities (futures or options).	rel:definition	1
margin	a parameter of an expression that is added to the base to get the interest amount	rel:definition	1
de jure controlling interest	controlling interest that is formalized by some formal legal construct	rel:definition	1
fund processing form	The form of documentation or control mechanism required for some funds processing activity.	rel:definition	1
attachment or detachment notification message	Notification of an action in which the issuer attaches or detaches securities.	rel:definition	1
hmda pre approval request	a request for pre-approval of a home purchase loan up to a certain amount, and subject to certain non-credit related conditions	rel:definition	1
transaction event	any sale, assignment, lease, license, loan, advance, contribution, or other transfer of any interest in or right to use any property (tangible or intangible) or money, however that transaction is effected, and regardless of whether the terms of the transaction are formally documented	rel:definition	1
transaction event	The event component of a transaction	rel:definition	1
fixed interest rate	an interest rate that does not fluctuate over the lifetime of a loan or other debt instrument	rel:definition	1
calculation period length	an explicit duration defined as the number of days from the adjusted effective or start date to the adjusted termination or end date calculated in accordance with the applicable day count fraction	rel:definition	1
gbp libor swap eurex lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-6M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
scheme	a structure or means of organizing information such as a schema, numbering system, organization scheme, measurement system, taxonomy, or language for organizing information	rel:definition	1
mbs tranche note	An individual note of a tranche.	rel:definition	1
body of law	Some body of law, that is some set of laws, statutes, ordinances and the like.	rel:definition	1
eur libor bba bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
equity instrument	a financial instrument representing an ownership interest in an entity or pool of assets	rel:definition	1
inflation bond principal repayment terms set	Terms specifying how the principal amount on an Inflation Bond is to be paid down. Further notes: This is typically but not necessarily with reference to the Inflation rate that is referred to for this bond. Further model action: identify and model terms for the case where the bond principal repayments are not pegged to an inflation rate.	rel:definition	1
abartn registry entry	an entry in the ABA RTN registry, a repository of financial institution characteristics collected by the ABA Registrar on behalf of the ABA	rel:definition	1
pln wibor wibo	the FpML floating interest index for PLN-WIBOR-WIBO	rel:definition	1
equity forward delivery commitment	The commitment to deliver an equity underlying at the maturity of an OTC Equity Forward contract.	rel:definition	1
bid price	The price at which a market participant would put out in an order book indicating that they are willing to pay for a given stock.	rel:definition	1
currency spot rate	a rate to exchange one currency for another for immediate delivery	rel:definition	1
try semi annual swap rate tradition reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for TRY-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
mean	the most common measure of central tendency, the average of a set of numbers	rel:definition	1
bond coupon	Mechanism whereby an investor receives income from interest payments, which are usually made periodically.	rel:definition	1
last regular coupon date	The scheduled date of the last regular coupon payment, that is the last of the payments that are made according to a regular repeating series of coupon periods, before any non standard (long or short) last coupon period in the schedule.	rel:definition	1
potential pass through issuance underwriter	The entity which will become the underwriter for the pass through MBS issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
usd ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for USD-OIS-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
standard deviation	the square root of variance, standard deviation, measures the spread or dispersion around the mean of a data set	rel:definition	1
physical site	A physical site is a an actual location that situates something, typically a structure or building, archeological dig, landing location for an aircraft or spacecraft, etc.  From biology, this could also be the site of a wound, and active site, and so forth. A physical site has certain characteristics that contribute to the context it provides, including area, shape, accessibility, and in the case of a geographic site, landforms, soil and ground conditions, climate, and so forth.	rel:definition	1
governmental constitution	a set of rules and principles that define the nature and extent of government	rel:definition	1
mandatory sinking fund terms set	Terms relating to a Mandatory Sinking Fund call of the issue.	rel:definition	1
loan principal repayment commitment	A commitment by a borrower to repay the principal on a loan under the terms described.	rel:definition	1
share	A security that signifies ownership in a corporation and represents a claim on part of the corporation's assets and earnings. What a share confers: 1. Voting rights 2. Entitlement to Income 3. Entitlements to Assets	rel:definition	1
custom product	a product that is made to an individual's order, commissioned to a customer's specifications, or designed to order	rel:definition	1
holding	real or personal property (assets), including but not limited to financial assets, to which one holds title and of which one has possession	rel:definition	1
parametric cashflow terms	terms for a set of cashflows defined according to a mathematical formula	rel:definition	1
convertible security	a security that can be converted into another security	rel:definition	1
event announcement	An Event whereby some parties announces its intention to carry out some act at some present or future time. An Announcement is defined relative to the Event that is announced, for example the announcement of the issue of a financial security is defined in relation to the issue of a security (an Issuance Event).	rel:definition	1
event announcement	The announcement	rel:definition	1
amortization	the process of reduction of debt or other costs through periodic charges to assets or liabilities, such as through principal payments on mortgages	rel:definition	1
declaration	Some formal communication in which some party makes a statement to the reader or the world at large about some fact or occurrence.	rel:definition	1
building sub unit	A discrete subdivision of some Building.	rel:definition	1
third party corporate action notification message	Notification of a third party corporate action.	rel:definition	1
liquidity	Precise definition needed for liquidity, and check that it is modeled accordingly.	rel:definition	1
disclosure requirement	Requirement for disclosure to borrowers or potential borrowers. There are two kinds of disclosure requirement: 1. Disclosure about the information held on the borrower 2. Disclsure about the product.	rel:definition	1
balance sheet entry	Some entry on the balance sheet of some business entity.	rel:definition	1
jpy ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-OIS-3:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
loan standarization document type	Financial Institution defined categorization of documentation type. This is interpreted from information provided by the seller on both the data file and in their underwriting quidelines. See attached Translation tables. needs work These are (from CDDOCTYPE enumeration in MAT-CODES): Unknown Other Full Full or Alternate Alternative Lite Low - ACTION make sure this isn't Risk Level in other list Limited Reduced Partial Streamline No Documentation No Ratio No Income Verifier No Income Qualifier Stated Documentation ACTION: Make sure these are all mutually exclusive, then implement as selection list entries.	rel:definition	1
equity apportionment terms set	Terms setting out the apportionment of equity in some formal business organization.	rel:definition	1
cdo management style	The manner in which reference assets are managed during the life of a CDO.	rel:definition	1
usd treasury icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Treasury-19901-3:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
borrower ongoing dated facts	Ongoing information about the borrower.	rel:definition	1
usd tibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for USD-TIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
borrower monthly income	total monthly qualifying income of the potential borrower	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
fx forward outright contract	A forward contract in the forex market that locks in the price at which an entity can buy or sell a currency on a future date. Also known as \"outright forward currency transaction\", \"forward outright\" or \"FX forward\".	rel:definition	1
index	an indirect shortcut derived from and pointing into, a greater volume of values, data, information or knowledge	rel:definition	1
sek annual swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for SEK-Annual Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
twd reference dealers	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-Reference Dealers	rel:definition	1
mezzanine mbs tranche	Specific kinds of tranche are modeled for example and investigation only and have been removed from the diagrams. These will be removed from the final model.	rel:definition	1
proprietary security identifier	an identifier supplied by a commercial data provider or government, such as a RIC code	rel:definition	1
general partner	a partner in a partnership, who holds some part of the general partner equity and typically is jointly and severally liable with the other partners for the liabilities incurred by that partnership	rel:definition	1
debt contract terms set	Terms setting out the formal rights and obligations of borrower and lender under a contract in which funds are lent from the one party to the other.	rel:definition	1
construction type	a particular kind of construction	rel:definition	1
security offering distribution method	The distribution type of a securities Offering.	rel:definition	1
zar jibar reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-JIBAR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
debt published point in time price	A debt price, usually in the form of a spread, published by a data provider at some point in time such as the end of the trading day.	rel:definition	1
security delivery type	Type of delivery as used in settlement terms for a financial security.	rel:definition	1
labor productivity value added	a ratio of a quantity index of value added to a quantity index of labor input	rel:definition	1
hedge fund	Definition needed Review notes (EFAMA?) Also only closed ended according to regulations. This is not always a kind of closed fund.	rel:definition	1
explicit date	a date in which the 'hasDateValue' property is required	rel:definition	1
revolving line of credit	A credit line based on some collateral, that can be drawn down and/or paid back by the borrower.	rel:definition	1
partnership with general partners with limited liability	a partnership that has general partners, whose general partners have limited liability	rel:definition	1
identity document	any legal document which may be used to verify aspects of a person's identity	rel:definition	1
government guaranty	Guaranty is provided by a government, e.g. a security is guaranteed by a Government.	rel:definition	1
option binary payout terms	Terms governing a binary payout commitment.	rel:definition	1
built property	Something which is constructed via construction methods; bricks and mortar.	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor hibor bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-HIBOR-HIBOR-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
clearing and settlement	The business process or service area of securities clearing and settlement.	rel:definition	1
economic indicator publisher	a statistical information publisher that publishes economic news, including economic indicators	rel:definition	1
payment institution	a legal person that has been granted authorisation in accordance with Article 10 to provide and execute payment services throughout the European community	rel:definition	1
negotiated sale method	No definition	rel:definition	1
corporate event	Events v Actions Notifiable versus non notifiable. Whether notfiable could be required by statute or by listing rules. Notifiable: Does this apply only to those events compulsory on the issuer? See Tender Offer. In takeover scenarios, the issuer will have actions incumbent o nthem to inform the market (e..g Aus Part B response). Offerer initiates Part A (Takeover Offer) with the details. Akin to a information memorandum or prospectus on the takeover. All interest parties (and non shareholders) have a potential interest, as it has a potential effect on the shares.	rel:definition	1
loan originator	The party which finds the lender for the loan, for the borrower.	rel:definition	1
statistical area	a physical location that is defined per a nationally consistent program for designating geographic regions for the purposes of tabulating and presenting statistical data	rel:definition	1
fund order desk physical form document	A phsyical form obtained through the main fund order desk.	rel:definition	1
absolute prepayment rate	The absolute prepayment rate (for ABS) is the standard measure of prepayment rates in the auto-loan sector. ABS measures the monthly rate of loan prepayments as a percentage of the original pool balance. ABS is defined by the following formula where SMM refers to Single Monthly Mortality, which measures the percentage of dollars prepaid in a given month expressed as a percentage of the scheduled loan balance. ABS = (100 * SMM)/100 + (SMM X (Age- 1)	rel:definition	1
option writing party	The writing party of an OTC Option, i.e. the seller of a contract. This is the party that grants the rights defined by this instrument and in return receives a payment for it.	rel:definition	1
security settlement convention	Default Terms for the settlement of a Security.	rel:definition	1
numeric value	A numeric value is a single value intended to represent any number without restriction as to precision, scale or representation. The number or expression is contained in the hasValue property.	rel:definition	1
discount curve to use	This is a working note from ongoing reviews.	rel:definition	1
managed investment	an investment pool that is controlled by a professional investment manager who invests the pool in various financial instruments and assets that align with their investment objectives and is overseen by a board of directors	rel:definition	1
fund investment policy	The policy within which the fund acts in order to achieve the stated fund objectives.	rel:definition	1
mbs pool	A pool investment consisting of a collection of MBS instruments.	rel:definition	1
restricted percentage	a proportion of something expressed as a percentage amount and not exceeding 100% of that of which it is the percentage	rel:definition	1
relative time	Time defined in relation to some other time.	rel:definition	1
underwriter takedown	Infomation on Takedown quantity of the security handled by the underwriter (that will be brought into DTC).	rel:definition	1
credit protection contingent leg terms	The leg of the swap which represents the credit protection.	rel:definition	1
rule	A Rule is any statement which determines how something must be. It is defined in relation to that something (which may be an event or a parameter), and with some reference to the way in which that Rule is defined, e.g. whether it forms part of some legally binding contract, is defined by physics and so on.	rel:definition	1
populated place	a community in which people live or have lived, without being specific as to size, population or importance	rel:definition	1
commodity otc option contract	Definition needed.	rel:definition	1
cash structured finance instrument pool	A pool investment consisting of a collection of cash structured finance instruments.	rel:definition	1
inr miois	the FpML floating interest index for INR-MIOIS	rel:definition	1
the present	Now.	rel:definition	1
formula subject	The Left Hand Side of the Formula, giving what is being expressed in terms of the Right Hand Side.	rel:definition	1
underlier	the financial instrument(s), index or parameter, or combination thereof, that form the basis for the derivative instrument	rel:definition	1
introducing broker	an entity that solicits or accepts orders for futures or options contracts traded on or subject to the rules of an exchange; and does not accept any money, securities, or property (or extend credit in lieu thereof) to margin, guarantee, or secure any trades or contracts that result or may result	rel:definition	1
agency jump tranche	A tranche where if there is some sort of trigger event reached then the holders of the tranche will begin to receive payments.	rel:definition	1
rate based derivative instrument	a derivative instrument whose underlier is a non-physical observable rate	rel:definition	1
derived unit	a measurement unit for a derived quantity	rel:definition	1
foreign currency option	An option on a currency, based on the spot exchange rate of that currency to the currency of the security itself.	rel:definition	1
dividend conditions	Conditions governing the payment of dividends to the receiver of the equity forward.	rel:definition	1
loan status	Statuses which occur for a period of time, relating to a loan.	rel:definition	1
instrument weighted average loan age	A dollar-weighted average measuring the age of the individual loans in a mortgage pass-through or pooled security, such as Ginnie Mae or a Freddie Mac security. The WALA is measured as the time in months since the origination of the loans, with the weighting based on each loan's size in proportion to the aggregate total of the pool.	rel:definition	1
tax rule scheme	The scheme in which the tax rule is identified and defined.	rel:definition	1
loan contract	an agreement whereby one party extends money or credit to another party with the agreement that the borrowed money will be repaid according to specific terms	rel:definition	1
loan contract	The Contract which embodies a loan from one party (the Lender) to another party (the Borrower).	rel:definition	1
legal person	any entity which can incur legal obligation and can be sued at law	rel:definition	1
basket	a collection of goods, services, or other things (e.g., financial contracts) that can be purchased and sold in some marketplace	rel:definition	1
debt yield to equivalent life	The yield achieved by substituting a bond's equivalent life for the issue's final maturity date.	rel:definition	1
publicly traded share	A publicly traded security that signifies ownership in a corporation and represents a claim on part of the corporation's assets and earnings.	rel:definition	1
securities pool constituent	a security that is included in a securities pool	rel:definition	1
perpetual floating rate note	A Floating Rate Note in which ... information to follow.	rel:definition	1
dated balance	A balance at a point in time in the past, present or future.	rel:definition	1
lifecycle stage occurrence	a realization of a phase in a given lifecycle	rel:definition	1
commodity warrant	A derivative based on commodities contracts traded on exchanges.	rel:definition	1
aud aonia ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-AONIA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
bond call terms set	The terms and conditions in which a bond can be redeemed by the issuer prior to its maturity. Usually a premium is paid to the bond owner when the bond is called.	rel:definition	1
securities disbursement response message	"SWIFT: Term:\""Securities Option\"" Definition:\""Distribution of securities to holders.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
securities disbursement response message	""Notification of response opting to take the securities offered."	rel:definition	1
huf bubor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for HUF-BUBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
arbitrage synthetic cdo	Arbitrage synthetic CDO deals are motivated by regulatory or practical considerations that might make a bank want to retain ownership of debt while achieving capital relief through CDSs. In this case, the sponsoring bank has a portfolio of obligations, called the reference portfolio. It retains that portfolio, but offloads its credit risk by transacting CDSs with the CDO.	rel:definition	1
equity future	A Futures instrument which is based on an equity security or securities, specifically a publicly issued and traded share.	rel:definition	1
email address	a virtual address for communication via email	rel:definition	1
super po tranche	Principal Only tranche. This tranche will only pay principal. Not clear how this is distinct from generic PO.	rel:definition	1
request	an occurrence whereby an agent asks another agent for something or to do something	rel:definition	1
request	A request by some party to some other party for some thing or service.	rel:definition	1
credit rating	Some rating which formally describes the credit worthiness of something or someone.	rel:definition	1
linear payout terms	Terms governing the payment commitment on a vanilla option.	rel:definition	1
publishing house	Some business entity which specializes in publishing information.	rel:definition	1
municipal area	An area which is identified as a municipality and governed by a municipal government. Scope Note: In most of the world this term or word corresponds to a city area. In the US, municipalities are also identified as coextensive with counties and some other geographical areas.	rel:definition	1
holder initiated action	Any action initiated by a Holder of a Security.	rel:definition	1
remarketing agreement initiated	Event in which a remarketing agreement is initiated for a Perpetual Floating Rate Note, following the collapse of such note.	rel:definition	1
funds spv	A Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) set up specifically to create an investment fund. It is set up by a company or a group of companies for this purpose. The SPV is formed for a specific reason and exists for a specific period of time and is then disbanded.	rel:definition	1
american exercise convention	A feature of an option that stipulates that the option can be exercised anytime within the specified date window.	rel:definition	1
fx volatility option	An option on the volatility of an FX rate. Further Note: Not found in FpML product definitions or taxonomy.	rel:definition	1
nzd swap rate icap reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-Swap Rate-ICAP-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
interbank rate authority	an interest rate authority responsible for setting the interbank rate	rel:definition	1
publicly held company	a company whose shares are traded and held publicly	rel:definition	1
financial securities actor	Some actor which has some agency in securities issuance or trading, or is some third party in such.	rel:definition	1
trading status message	A message about trading status.	rel:definition	1
twd telerate	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-Telerate-6165	rel:definition	1
chf liborswap cme lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-6M LIBORSWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
dividend distribution	Any event relating to a dividend payment.	rel:definition	1
master agreement early termination provisions	Terms and Conditions around early termination of the Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
support tranche	A tranche which provides payment support to a PAC Tranche.	rel:definition	1
czk pribor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CZK-PRIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
clearing corporation	a clearing house that is organized as a corporation	rel:definition	1
call type	Way in which a call will be executed, which is by Lottery or Pro-Rata.	rel:definition	1
energy commodity	A commodity which relates to the provision or distribution of energy.	rel:definition	1
third party agent	any service provider that is licensed to perform a legally binding function and has been legally empowered to act on behalf of another party	rel:definition	1
spot settlement commitment	A commitment for settlement at the earliest possible trading date, in accordance with the applicable settlement convention.	rel:definition	1
locally derived price	A price derived locally from information supplied by a market data vendor such as an end of day spread.	rel:definition	1
best of assets plus cash payout commitment	A commitment to pay out on the best of a number of assets, plus cash.	rel:definition	1
us corporate bond yield calculation method	This has 30/360 and semi-annual compounding.	rel:definition	1
unlisted bond	A bond that is traded over the counter rather than via an exchange or other listing facility.	rel:definition	1
relative cashflow	A cash flow as seen from the perspective of a given balance sheet or by a given entity, that is a flow of funds into or or out of that balance sheet or on the part of that entity.	rel:definition	1
energy physical delivery	Delivery of oil, gas and electricity.	rel:definition	1
document	An information deliverable created in the course of some business process, and with some lifecycle independent of its use to communicate the information therein.	rel:definition	1
document	something tangible that records something, such as a recording or a photograph, or a writing that can be used to furnish evidence or information	rel:definition	1
market transaction	Any transaction which defines a supply of some negotiable item in return for some Consideration. The Market Transaction has a Principal and a Counterparty, i.e. it is not symmetrical.	rel:definition	1
price barter specification	The specification of the price of some item in terms of the number of some other (non currency) items of value that may exchanged for some quantity of the item so prices.	rel:definition	1
cash structured finance instrument	A structured finance instrument with a real asset underlying.	rel:definition	1
security tax treatment	Amount of money due to the government or tax authority, according to various pre-defined parameters such as thresholds or income.	rel:definition	1
occurrence kind	instances of OccurrenceKind are types of events, each having a description	rel:definition	1
loan guaranty	A guaranty given by some party in respect of some loan.	rel:definition	1
cdo note	Collateralized Debt Obligation. This is a type of asset-backed security and is constructed from a portfolio of fixed income assets including corporate loans and mortgage backed securities. A special purpose vehicle (SPV) issues notes to investors in order to raise funds that are invested in a portfolio of those fixed income assets, held by the SPV as collateral for the notes. Further notes: Collateralized Debt Obligation, for example, ABS CDO which consists of a portfolio of different ABS bonds, and the payments to the holders of these trust certificates are derived from the cash flows of the ABS bonds. This CDO instrument is part of a CDO issue, consisting of individual CDO instruments of a given seniority. Often referred to as tranches and slices (Investopedia). Investopedia: Similar in structure to a collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO) or collateralized bond obligation (CBO), CDOs are unique in that they represent different types of debt and credit risk. In the case of CDOs, these different types of debt are often referred to as 'tranches' or 'slices'. Each slice has a different maturity and risk associated with it. The higher the risk, the more the CDO pays. Further details: Collateralized Debt obligations are securitized interests in pools of - generally non-mortgage - assets. Assets - called collateral - usually comprise loans or debt instruments. A CDO may be called a collateralized loan obligation (CLO) or collateralized bond obligation (CBO) if it holds only loans or bonds, respectively. Investors bear the credit risk of the collateral. Multiple tranches of securities are issued by the CDO, offering investors various maturity and credit risk characteristics.	rel:definition	1
regular schedule	a schedule whose time intervals recur regularly	rel:definition	1
fixed interest rate leg	a swap stream that specifies fixed interest amounts and terms for the payment of that interest	rel:definition	1
refer to fund order desk	Restriction requiring an investor to refer to the fund order desk prior to redeeming a fund.	rel:definition	1
facility	something that is built, contrived, established, or installed to serve a particular purpose, or make some course of action or operation easier, or provide some capability or service	rel:definition	1
master confirmation valuation time terms set	Formal terms specifying the time for Valuation of Equity Underlying.	rel:definition	1
reg	US regulation concerning \"Equal credit opportunity act\" Electronic delivery of disclosures	rel:definition	1
past value	The value is determined at some point in the past.	rel:definition	1
chf basis swap libor icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-Basis Swap-3m vs 6m-LIBOR-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
hmda report	a report prepared to satisfy HMDA regulatory reporting requirements as described US section 1003.3(c) of the Revised Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 2015	rel:definition	1
common law system	common law, also known as case law or precedent, is law developed by judges through decisions of courts and similar tribunals	rel:definition	1
step schedule listing	A schedule of dates and interest rates which take effect on those dates. At present these are assumed to always be ficxed interest rates, and are modeled as such.	rel:definition	1
future	a contract that obligates the buyer to receive and the seller to deliver, in the future, the assets specified at an agreed price	rel:definition	1
index future standardized terms set	A set of standard terms for index futures contracts, as set out by the derivatives exchange. Index Futures contracts issued by and traded on that exchange will take on these terms or override them.	rel:definition	1
swap execution facility	an exchange, trading system, or platform that enables many participants to execute or trade swaps	rel:definition	1
coupon conditional term	A term in the conditional coupon terms which matches one set of coupon terms (fixed rate or variable coupon) with one condition.	rel:definition	1
cad repo corra	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-REPO-CORRA	rel:definition	1
loan identifier	A formal identification code allocated to loans.	rel:definition	1
usd federal funds ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Federal Funds-H.15-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
referent	the concept that another concept stands for or refers to	rel:definition	1
riferimento	Meaning not known	rel:definition	1
try annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for TRY Annual Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
pool weighted average loan age	A dollar-weighted average measuring the age of the individual loans in a mortgage pass-through or pooled security, such as Ginnie Mae or a Freddie Mac security. The WALA is measured as the time in months since the origination of the loans, with the weighting based on each loan's size in proportion to the aggregate total of the pool.	rel:definition	1
grd athimid reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for GRD-ATHIMID-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
issue subscription information	Information relating to the subscription of the issue.	rel:definition	1
ordinary voting right	The voting rights conferred on holders of Ordinary Shares in the company. The precise details of these rights such as what shareholders may vote on and how their voting right is exercised, are defined in the Company Constitution or Articles of Incorporation / Articles of Association.	rel:definition	1
index linked security	A bond in which payment of income on the principal is related to a specific price index, such as the Consumer Price Index.	rel:definition	1
postal address element	Text which is part of some Postal Address. Editorial Note: This is labeled as Address Element but is specific to Postal Addresses. The more general term for elements of any type of address is Address Component. This also covers e.g. network addresses, URIs.	rel:definition	1
sek stibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SEK-STIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
grd athimid reuters	the FpML floating interest index for GRD-ATHIMID-Reuters	rel:definition	1
de facto controlling interest party	A party which exercises some control over an entity other than via some constitutional instrument such as shares.	rel:definition	1
usd cof reuters	the FpML floating interest index for USD-COF11-Reuters	rel:definition	1
ron rbor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for RON-RBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
exercise ex change option notification	Notification of exercise by Holder of an exsting option for shareholders to exchange their holdings for other securities and/or cash.	rel:definition	1
exercise ex change option notification	"Exchange options are mentioned in the terms and conditions of a security and are valid during the whole lifetime of a security. SWIFT: \""Option for shareholders to exchange their holdings for other secuities and/or cash. Exchange options are mentioned in the terms and conditions of a security and are valid during the whole lifetime of a security.\""	rel:definition	1
exercise ex change option notification	holder initiated instruction	rel:broader	1
exercise ex change option notification	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/CAE/AboutCAE/CAESpecification>	<http://purl.org/dc/terms/isPartOf>	1
exercise ex change option notification	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/CAE/CorporateEvents/CorporateActionsEvents/ExerciseExChangeOptionNotification>	rel:isDefinedBy	1
exercise ex change option notification	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
corporate action announcer	""The party which makes the CA announcement. Best label for this? unclear. note that they may be issuers of other stock but they do not have to be. You can initiate a corporate action but you are not the issuer of that security, but the action is still about a particular security. Not all actions are bound to specific to a security/. A n action may impact one or more securities, The actions may require different communications. So we should probably distinguish actions versus communications about events. ADD: Communication. Example: Bell breakout. Sample use case for CAE."	rel:definition	1
statutory reporting obligation	Some reporting obligation set out in some statute.	rel:definition	1
edge corporation	a corporation chartered by the Federal Reserve to engage in international banking and financial operations	rel:definition	1
letter of credit guaranty	Guaranty takes the form of a letter of credit, ie, a document issued by a bank guaranteeing the payment up to a stated amount for a specified period.	rel:definition	1
fdic certificate number	an identifier issued to a depository institution by the FDIC on approval of that institution's application for insurance	rel:definition	1
open outcry price determination method	Method of trading on a commodity exchange. The term derives from the fact that traders must shout out their buy or sell orders. When a trader shouts he wants to sell at a particular price and someone else shouts he wants to buy at that price the two traders have made a contract that will be recorded.	rel:definition	1
usd isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-ISDA-Swap Rate-3:00	rel:definition	1
chf tois ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-TOIS-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
fund manager	The party that sets up the fund, decides the investment strategy, appoints the agents, and is responsible for the promotion and the marketing of the fund. It makes all of the important decisions related to the fund. Also called fund promotor or fund sponsor. This is a dupliucate of Fund Management Company at the moment	rel:definition	1
jpy ltpr tbc	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-LTPR-TBC	rel:definition	1
discharging event	The event in which the	rel:definition	1
oil grade	The grade of oil which is defined as this oil commodity.	rel:definition	1
license identifier	an identifier associated with a license	rel:definition	1
futures transaction	A forward settlement transaction which is defined by the Futures market in which they are traded.	rel:definition	1
single stock option	Option instrument based on a single equity security (share) underlying.	rel:definition	1
product	A commercially distributed good that is (1) tangible property, (2) the output or result of a fabrication, manufacturing, or production process, or (3) something that passes through a distribution channel before being consumed or used.	rel:definition	1
share action	Some action relating to equity shares. Add: relationship to Share	rel:definition	1
time interval	a segment of the time axis, a location in time, with an extent or duration	rel:definition	1
sampling variance	a measure of the extent to which the estimate of a characteristic from different possible samples of the same size and the same design differ from one another	rel:definition	1
third party formal offer notification	Notification of some third party offer, to the shareholders.	rel:definition	1
swap stream event	a payment event (e.g., interest payment, coupon payment, etc.) against one leg of a swap stream	rel:definition	1
guarantor	a party that guarantees, endorses, or provides indemnity for some obligation on behalf of some other party	rel:definition	1
prospectus	A document which at one and the same time describes some future potential investment and sets out the legal terms which will form part of the contract which embodies that investment, should the recipient choose to invest as described in the prospectus. Term origin:SR Modeling	rel:definition	1
coupon payment	The event whereby a coupon amount is paid or is to be paid.	rel:definition	1
terms sheet	A set of written terms setting out legal or contractual rights, obligations and the like, but not (or not yet) forming part of a set of Contractual Terms.	rel:definition	1
prescriptive event	an event related to the imposition or enforcement of a rule, method, formula, etc.	rel:definition	1
repofunds rate france ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for REPOFUNDS RATE-FRANCE-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
american statistics publisher	a statistical information publisher comprised of the government agencies and departments that publish statistical information on behalf of the U.S. Federal Government	rel:definition	1
sales finance company	a finance company that purchases retail and wholesale paper from automobile and other consumer and commercial goods dealers	rel:definition	1
unilateral contract	a contract in which only one party makes an express promise, or undertakes a performance without first securing a reciprocal agreement from the other party	rel:definition	1
inflation factor underlying	The argument of the Inflation Factor calculation formula, which is the inflation factor itself.	rel:definition	1
common law jurisdiction	a jurisdiction based on common law	rel:definition	1
cash response	"SWIFT: \""Distribution of cash to holders.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
cash response	""Response is to take cash."	rel:definition	1
exempt issuer	a securities issuer that issues securities that are exempt from certain regulatory reporting requirements	rel:definition	1
credit default swap transaction	The transaction in which one party pay a fee or fees for credit protection and another commits to enter into the contingent transaction if the credit event takes place.	rel:definition	1
market identifier	identifier or code allocated to places of trade, i.e., stock exchanges, regulated markets, e.g., Electronic Trading Platforms (ECN), and unregulated markets, e.g., Automated Trading Systems (ATS)	rel:definition	1
currency spot buy rate	an indicative spot buying market rate as observed by the reporting source	rel:definition	1
asset class	a financial instrument classifier for a group of securities that exhibit similar characteristics, behave similarly in the marketplace and are subject to the same laws and regulations	rel:definition	1
usd sifma municipal swap index	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-SIFMA Municipal Swap Index	rel:definition	1
credit agreement	a contractual agreement in which a debtor receives something of value and agrees to repay the creditor at some date in the future, in some form (e.g., cash, securities, etc.), generally with interest	rel:definition	1
exchange specific securities registry	a registry used by a securities exchange in managing the security identifiers and related information that it registers and manages	rel:definition	1
market	a market is a venue that allows buyers and sellers of goods, commodities, services, etc. to conduct business, including markets where securities may be traded	rel:definition	1
current employment statistics	a survey conducted on a regular basis that presents analytical information related to businesses and government agencies, in order to provide detailed industry data on employment, hours, and earnings of workers	rel:definition	1
regular schedule	a schedule whose time intervals recur regularly	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate tullett prebon	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-16:00-Tullett Prebon	rel:definition	1
business recurrence interval convention	a convention for modeling recurring days, such as the end of the month, a particular day of the month, a day of the week, or more specifically, a t-bill auction date	rel:definition	1
regulation	a securities regulation defining an exemption through which corporations can issue unregistered securities to qualified foreign investors and foreign institutions	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-4:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
jpy ois tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-OIS-3:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
consumer	a person that is the ultimate user of a product or service	rel:definition	1
currency conversion service	a foreign exchange service involving the conversion of currency of one country or group of countries for another, typically, but not always, as a counter transaction	rel:definition	1
jpy libor bba	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
organization	a unique framework of authority within which a person or persons act, or are designated to act, towards some purpose, such as to meet a need or pursue collective goals on a continuing basis	rel:definition	1
chf liborswap cme lch icap bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-6M LIBORSWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
inr miois	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the INR-MIOIS	rel:definition	1
usd treasury rate swap marker	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Treasury Rate-SwapMarker99	rel:definition	1
commercial bank	a bank that provides services, such as accepting deposits, giving business loans and auto loans, mortgage lending, and basic investment products like savings accounts and certificates of deposit	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TIBOR-TIBM (5 Banks)	rel:definition	1
vnd semi annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the VND-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
governmental constitution	a set of rules and principles that define the nature and extent of government	rel:definition	1
aud libor bba bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
financial asset	An asset consisting of one or more financial instruments, treated as an asset	rel:definition	1
difference	a quantity by which amounts differ; the remainder left after subtraction of one value from another	rel:definition	1
registry	a system, typically an information system, that records the registration of items	rel:definition	1
company bylaw	The official rules and regulations which govern a corporation's management. Drawn up at the time of incorporation, along with the charter.	rel:definition	1
us bank	a bank that is licensed to conduct business in the United States	rel:definition	1
labor productivity value added	a ratio of a quantity index of value added to a quantity index of labor input	rel:definition	1
settlement terms	contract terms that define the commitment to and mechanism for settling one or more sides of a transaction	rel:definition	1
geopolitical entity	any country, federal province, city or other administrative unit which is both geographical and political in its identity	rel:definition	1
nzd nziona ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the NZD-NZIONA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle stage occurrence	an instance of a phase in an occurrence of a given product lifecycle	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor hkab	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-HIBOR-HKAB	rel:definition	1
contract document	a written document, whether physical or electronic, which sets out the formal terms and conditions of some written contract	rel:definition	1
lifecycle occurrence	a realization of a lifecycle	rel:definition	1
joint controlling party	Some group of entities which collectively are able to direct the affairs of some business organization	rel:definition	1
legal document	a written or printed paper that bears the original, official, or legal form of something and can be used to furnish decisive evidence or information	rel:definition	1
fdic certificate number	an identifier issued to a depository institution by the FDIC on approval of that institution's application for insurance	rel:definition	1
passport	a document, issued by a national government, which certifies the identity and nationality of its holder for the purpose of international travel	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual currency basis swap rate tullett prebon	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-Semi-Annual Currency Basis Swap Rate-11:00-Tullett Prebon	rel:definition	1
rub annual swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the RUB-Annual Swap Rate-12:45-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
institution type	a classifier of financial institutions as defined by the National Information Center (NIC) registry	rel:definition	1
aud bbr isdc	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-BBR-ISDC	rel:definition	1
individual unilateral commitment	a commitment made by some party unilaterally to another specific party	rel:definition	1
economic news release	published statistical information that is about economic indicators and possibly other economic news	rel:definition	1
brokerage account	an account offered by a broker that allows the investor to deposit funds and place investment orders	rel:definition	1
amount of money	a sum of money	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor ztibor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TIBOR-ZTIBOR	rel:definition	1
domestic ultimate parent	an organization that is recognized as the ultimate parent of a given company within the country or jurisdiction of incorporation; this relationship may or may not be present, i.e. in the case of a company that has no parent	rel:definition	1
nok nibor nibr	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the NOK-NIBOR-NIBR	rel:definition	1
financial information publisher	a formal organization acting as a publisher or provider of information related to the financial markets or of interest to financial market participants such as information on economies	rel:definition	1
primary federal regulator	the primary federal regulator for an institution as defined by the National Information Center (NIC) registry	rel:definition	1
zar quarterly swap rate tradition reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the ZAR-Quarterly Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
code element	a sequence of characters, capable of identifying that with which it is associated for some purpose, within a specified context, i.e., a code set, according to a pre-established set of rules	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-6M EURIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
usd tibor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-TIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
lifecycle event	a kind of event that occurs during one or more stages of a lifecycle	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TIBOR-TIBM-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
contract counterparty	in the event that a contract identifies either party to that contract as being the principal, this is the other party to that contract	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-Semi Annual Swap Rate-4:15-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
dkk cibor dkna	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the DKK-CIBOR-DKNA13	rel:definition	1
transferable contract holder	a party that holds a transferable contract and enjoys the benefits defined in that contract while they hold it	rel:definition	1
reference	a concept that refers to (or stands in for) another concept	rel:definition	1
canadian producer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the change over time in the prices of a fixed-basket of domestic producer goods and services	rel:definition	1
usd isda swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-ISDA-Swap Rate-3:00	rel:definition	1
capability	A capability represents the ability to perform a particular type of work and may involve people with particular skills and knowledge, intellectual property, defined practices, operating facilities, tools and equipment.	rel:definition	1
depository institution	any financial institution engaged in the business of receiving demand deposits from the public or other institutions	rel:definition	1
usd ois ny icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-OIS-3:00-NY-ICAP	rel:definition	1
business recurrence interval	a recurrence interval that is specified using a business recurrence interval convention	rel:definition	1
float float interest rate swap	an interest rate swap that exchanges cashflows based on two different floating interest rates	rel:definition	1
unique trade identifier	a globally unique identifier for a trade, unique to the transaction known to and used by all relevant parties, as required by various regulatory agencies around the world	rel:definition	1
government	the system by which a state or community is controlled	rel:definition	1
usd libor swap cme lch icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-3M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
account provider	a party that provides and services the account	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor hibor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-HIBOR-HIBOR=	rel:definition	1
financial service	a service provided to consumers and businesses by financial institutions such as banks, insurance companies, brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, and investment companies all of which comprise the financial services industry	rel:definition	1
capital surplus	Capital surplus is that amount which a firm raises in excess of the par value (nominal value) of the shares (common stock).	rel:definition	1
frs state member bank	a commercial bank that is state-chartered and a member of the Federal Reserve System	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
club	An informal organization formed to pursue some common interest among its members	rel:definition	1
de jure controlling interest party	An entity that may exercise de jure controlling interest	rel:definition	1
license	grant of permission needed to do something	rel:definition	1
position	an investor's stake, i.e., a holding, in a particular asset (such as an individual security)	rel:definition	1
chf libor bba	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
license identifier	an identifier associated with a license	rel:definition	1
basis swap	a swap in which payment streams are referenced to different bases	rel:definition	1
issued equity	externally-held stockholders equity that may be transferred from one party to another	rel:definition	1
sgd sonar ois vwap compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-SONAR-OIS-VWAP-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
joint venture	A formal venture between two or more business entities	rel:definition	1
address	an index to a location to which communications may be delivered	rel:definition	1
securities basket constituent	a security identified as a component of a basket of securities	rel:definition	1
payment institution	a legal person that has been granted authorisation in accordance with Article 10 to provide and execute payment services throughout the European community	rel:definition	1
virtual location	A place which has no physical location.	rel:definition	1
swap dealer	a financial service provider that holds itself out as a dealer in swaps; makes a market in swaps; regularly enters into swaps with counterparties as an ordinary course of business for its own account; or engages in any activity causing the person to be commonly known in the trade as a dealer or market maker in swaps	rel:definition	1
entity owner	a party that has some ownership interest in some entity	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-Annual Swap Rate-11:00	rel:definition	1
non wholly owned subsidiary	a subsidiary which is not a wholly owned subsidiary	rel:definition	1
payee	a party to whom a debt should be paid, or to whose order a bill of exchange, note, or check is made payable	rel:definition	1
monetary price	a price that that is expressed as a monetary amount	rel:definition	1
cross currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap in which the two streams of interest payments are in different currencies	rel:definition	1
formal organization	An Organization that is recognized in some legal jurisdiction, with associated rights and responsibilities. Examples include a Corporation, Charity, Government or Church.	rel:definition	1
usd treasury icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Treasury-19901-3:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
debt pool	a pool consisting of debt instruments, such as bonds, loans or mortgages	rel:definition	1
usd libor bba	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
aed ebor reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AED-EBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
economic indicator	a statistical measure of economic activity that is regular and comparable in the context of a statistical area (region), used for analysis of economic performance and predictions of future performance	rel:definition	1
market rate	a measure that is also published financial information providing a rate used to measure market trends for a set of instruments (S&P500, NASDAQ composite, 30 day CD) or that describes the economic climate for an industry (Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), H&Q Growth Technologies) and/or political region (LIBOR, Prime)	rel:definition	1
central bank	a financial institution that is the monetary authority and major regulatory bank for a country (or group of countries)	rel:definition	1
profit objective	an objective that reflects pursuit of a financial benefit that may be realized when the amount of revenue gained from a business activity exceeds the expenses, costs and taxes needed to sustain that activity	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TIBOR-TIBM (10 Banks)	rel:definition	1
common interest development corporation	a not for profit corporation set up under specific state legislation as a business entity for homeowners' associations	rel:definition	1
receiver	A party appointed by some court for the purposes of winding up the affairs of some entity which is no longer solvent.	rel:definition	1
business center	a municipality where business is conducted, especially one that is considered a financial center	rel:definition	1
try tryibor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TRY-TRYIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
thrift institution	an organization that primarily accepts savings account deposits and invests most of the proceeds in mortgages; savings banks and savings and loan associations and credit unions are examples of thrift institutions	rel:definition	1
financial institution	a financial service provider identified as either a government agency or privately owned entity that collects funds from the public and from other institutions, and invests those funds in financial assets, such as loans, securities, bank deposits, and income-generating property	rel:definition	1
trust	A fiduciary relationship in which one party, known as a trustor, gives another party, the trustee, the right to hold title to property or assets for the benefit of a third party, the beneficiary.	rel:definition	1
auditor	an individual qualified (at the state level) to conduct audits. An auditor may be an internal auditor (an individual whose primary job function is to audit his or her own company) or an external auditor (an individual from outside the company, who typically is employed by an auditing firm who handles many different clients).	rel:definition	1
eur euribor annual bond swap icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR EURIBOR-Annual Bond Swap vs 1m-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
corporate limited partner	A limited partner in a partnership, who is and may only be a Corporate Legal Person (i.e., not a natural person)	rel:definition	1
non physical underlier	an underlier that does not represent a deliverable asset	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual currency basis swap rate tullett prebon	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-Semi-Annual Currency Basis Swap Rate-16:00-Tullett Prebon	rel:definition	1
accounting transaction	event or condition recognized by an entry in the records of an account	rel:definition	1
judiciary	a branch of government that comprises the system of courts that interprets and applies the law in the name of the supranational, national, federal, or regional government, depending on its jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
zar deposit safex	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the ZAR-DEPOSIT-SAFEX	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-HIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
floating rate note date rule	a business day adjustment rule applied to floating-rate note instruments	rel:definition	1
publicly held company	a company whose shares are traded and held publicly	rel:definition	1
occurrence based date	An OccurrenceBaseDate is a CalculatedDate that is defined with respect to the Occurrence of some OccurrenceKind. The 'hasDateValue' property of an OccurrenceBasedDate is not set until the Occurrence happens.  The 'triggeredBy' property relates an OccurrenceBasedDate to the OccurrenceKind that gives the meaning of the OccurrenceBasedDate.	rel:definition	1
general partner	a partner in a partnership, who holds some part of the general partner equity and typically is jointly and severally liable with the other partners for the liabilities incurred by that partnership	rel:definition	1
contractual definition	a contractual element that defines something in a contract or other legal instrument	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
eur eonia swap index	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-EONIA-Swap-Index	rel:definition	1
currency forward rate	a rate of exchange between two currencies for settlement at some future point in time, expressed as a premium on the spot rate	rel:definition	1
registration status	a lifecycle stage indicating the status of a given registration of something, such as a business or legal entity, as specified by the registration authority	rel:definition	1
usd cof reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-COF11-Reuters	rel:definition	1
credit institution register entry	an entry in the Credit Institution Register, a repository of credit institutions collected by the European Banking Authority (EBA) as provided by the various national banking authorities for those institutions that qualify	rel:definition	1
mutual commitment	A commitment between two or more parties	rel:definition	1
usd federal funds	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Federal Funds-H.15	rel:definition	1
financial instrument identifier	an identifier for a financial instrument	rel:definition	1
investment service	a financial service designed to assist investors in using capital to create more money, either through income-producing vehicles or through more risk-oriented ventures to result in capital gains, including but not limited to providing investment advice, asset and portfolio management, brokerage services, and so forth	rel:definition	1
interest rate derivative instrument	a rate-based derivative whose underlier is an interest rate	rel:definition	1
objective	a statement of a quantitative, measurable result that a person, organization, or system seeks to attain in order to achieve its goals	rel:definition	1
exchange traded security	a listed security that may be traded on a particular exchange	rel:definition	1
ils telbor reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the ILS-TELBOR01-Reuters	rel:definition	1
registrar	a party that has the capacity to act as a representative of a registration authority to provide registration services, including official record keeping	rel:definition	1
explicit recurrence interval	a recurrence interval defined via an explicit duration	rel:definition	1
date time	a combination of a date and a time, without a time zone	rel:definition	1
voting shareholder	a party owning voting shares in some company limited by the issue of shares	rel:definition	1
creditor	a party to whom an obligation, such as an amount of money, or good, or performance of some service exists	rel:definition	1
payer	a party who pays a bill or fees	rel:definition	1
trader	an individual or organization or representative thereof that engages in the transfer of financial assets in any financial market on behalf of a client or the financial services provider	rel:definition	1
international money market new zealand dollar trading date rule	a trading date rule defined as the last trading day of an Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) New Zealand (NZ) 90-Day Bank Accepted Futures and Options product, the first Wednesday after the ninth day of the relevant settlement month	rel:definition	1
registration authority code	an identifier that uniquely identifies a business registry, issued by the Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF)	rel:definition	1
public offering	an offering of securities for sale to the investment public, after compliance with registration requirements of the relevant regulatory authorities	rel:definition	1
investor contract	Contract setting out the terms under which some investor invests in the entity and setting out the rights which are conferred on that investor.	rel:definition	1
juridical person	an entity, as a firm, that is not a single natural person, as a human being, authorized by law with duties and rights, recognized as a legal authority having a distinct identity, a legal personality	rel:definition	1
usd prime reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Prime-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
registration identifier scheme	the scheme that defines the registration identifier per the issuing registration authority	rel:definition	1
swap	a derivative instrument that facilitiates the exchange financial instruments among the parties; the instruments can be almost anything, but most swaps involve cash flows (streams of payments or other commitments over time) based on a notional principal amount that both parties agree to	rel:definition	1
licensor	a party who grants a license	rel:definition	1
day count convention	a business recurrence interval convention that is used to calculate the number of days in an interest payment, which applies to the amount of accrued interest or the present value for debt instruments	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate swap marker	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
usd tbill	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-TBILL-H.15	rel:definition	1
unit investment trust	an investment company which (a) is organized under a trust indenture, contract of custodianship or agency, or similar instrument, (b) does not have a board of directors, and (c) issues only redeemable securities, each of which represents an undivided interest in a unit of specified securities; but does not include a voting trust	rel:definition	1
idr jibor reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the IDR-JIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
put premium	an amount over par that a debt instrument holder must pay to sell the security early	rel:definition	1
significant shareholding company	a company that owns a significant voting stake in another company	rel:definition	1
institutional unit	a party that is capable, in its own right, of owning assets, incurring liabilities, and engaging in economic activities and in transactions with other parties	rel:definition	1
swap confirmation	a formal confirmation that codifies the terms and conditions specific to a lifecycle event with respect to the overall transaction between the parties	rel:definition	1
guarantee providing member	an entity that has issued some guarantee for a body incorporated by the issuance of guarantees	rel:definition	1
partnership with corporate limited partners	A partnership with limited partners (partners whose liability is limited) and where those partners are necessarily non natural persons (i.e. cannot be individuals).	rel:definition	1
redemption provision	a contract provision enabling the issuer (writer) to regain possession through repayment of some stipulated price	rel:definition	1
twd taibor bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TWD-TAIBOR-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
contract originator	the party that originates the contract and acts as the principal in that contract regardless of the owner or counterparty	rel:definition	1
non negotiable security	a security that is not transferable to another party	rel:definition	1
offering document	a legal document, published by an offeror or issuer of one or more securities that contains details of the offer, including but not necessarily limited to information a potential investor might want to know about the offering and issuer in order to make an informed investment decision	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle stage	a phase in the lifecycle of a trade	rel:definition	1
registered shareholder	a shareholder that is registered on the shareholder registry for a company	rel:definition	1
non tradable debt instrument	a debt instrument that may not be bought or sold	rel:definition	1
cooperative bank	a state-chartered savings association located in Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island or Vermont	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly quarterly swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-Quarterly-Quarterly Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
rub mosprime nfea	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the RUB-MOSPRIME-NFEA	rel:definition	1
otc instrument	a financial instrument and bilateral contract that is not listed or traded on an organized exchange	rel:definition	1
schedule stub	a date period before the start of the recurring part of a schedule or after the end of the recurring part, which may be associated with a specific occurrence kind	rel:definition	1
czk annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CZK-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
put feature	a redemption provision giving the holder the right, but not the obligation, to sell a specified amount of the debt instrument (i.e., redeem it), prior to maturity	rel:definition	1
call window	an explicit period of time prior to a call date during which an issuer or agent must give notice to holders	rel:definition	1
regulation identifier	an identifier associated with a regulation	rel:definition	1
otc transaction party	a party to an over-the-counter agreement	rel:definition	1
organization member	identifies that which has a membership role in some organization	rel:definition	1
usd tbill bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-TBILL-H.15-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
ratio value	a proportional relationship specifically between two different quantity values that gives rise to a datum of a specific quantity type	rel:definition	1
european economic area branch	a branch of a credit institution authorised in another European Economic Area (EEA) country that has the right to passport its activities	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-EONIA-OIS-10:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
system of units	a set of measurement units associated with a system of quantities, together with a set of rules that assign one measurement unit to be the base unit for each base quantity in the system of quantities and a set of rules for the derivation of other units from the base units	rel:definition	1
observable value	a value for something that can be observed in the marketplace	rel:definition	1
verbal contract	a contract that exists as a result of some verbal exchange	rel:definition	1
gbp usd basis swaps icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP USD-Basis Swaps-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
population not in labor force	a subset of the civilian, noninstitutional population, that is considered neither employed nor unemployed by the reporting agency during the reporting period	rel:definition	1
partnership with general and limited partners	a partnership having both limited partners and general partners	rel:definition	1
eur usd basis swaps icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR USD-Basis Swaps-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
sgd sibor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-SIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
facility	something that is built, contrived, established, or installed to serve a particular purpose, or make some course of action or operation easier, or provide some capability or service	rel:definition	1
notional step relative to selection	a specification of whether a percentage rate change, used to calculate a change in notional outstanding, is expressed as a percentage of the initial notional amount or of the previously outstanding notional amount	rel:definition	1
non rolling date	an explicit date that equates to a calendar date with no adjustments and with no reference to any date specification	rel:definition	1
bank account	an account held or provided by, as a service, a bank	rel:definition	1
company statutory obligation	an obligation defined in company law (statute)	rel:definition	1
eur tec cno	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-TEC10-CNO	rel:definition	1
currency spot sell rate	an indicative spot selling market rate as observed by the reporting source	rel:definition	1
controlling leverage party	A party which exercises control as a result of some investment in an equity.	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap eurex lch icap bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-6M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
variable interest rate	an interest rate that is allowed to vary over the maturity of a loan or other debt instrument	rel:definition	1
crd credit institution	an undertaking whose business is to receive deposits or other repayable funds from the public and to grant credits for its own account as defined by the European Banking Authority (EBA)	rel:definition	1
regulation identification scheme	a scheme for organizing information and allocating identifiers to regulations	rel:definition	1
cad tbill isdd	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-TBILL-ISDD	rel:definition	1
referent	the concept that another concept stands for or refers to	rel:definition	1
calendar specified interval	a RecurrenceInterval that is specified as the nth day of some CalendarPeriod (such as a calendar month), and a TimeDirection (forward from the beginning of the month, or backwards from the end).\n\nThe nth day is an ordinal number, not a cardinal number. '1' means the first day of the calendar period.	rel:definition	1
civilian labor force participation rate	an economic indicator representing the rate of participation the labor force of a given economy for some specified period	rel:definition	1
capital labor multifactor productivity value added	a ratio of a quantity index of value added to a quantity index of combined labor and capital input	rel:definition	1
gbp isda swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-ISDA-Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
regulation	a rule used to carry out a law	rel:definition	1
constitutional contractual control	Some control set out in some contract among the principals of an organization.	rel:definition	1
cny cnrepofix cfxs reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CNY-CNREPOFIX=CFXS-Reuters	rel:definition	1
float float single currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap that exchanges cashflows based on two different floating interest rates in the same currency	rel:definition	1
legal agent	any party that has been legally empowered to act on behalf of another party	rel:definition	1
jpy quoting banks libor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-Quoting Banks-LIBOR	rel:definition	1
merchant	a business entity engaged in a trading activity	rel:definition	1
ron annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the RON-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
rate based observable	a non-physical observable value, such as an interest rate, market rate, economic indicator, statistical measure calculated over some collection of indices, or some other rate that is readily observable in the world	rel:definition	1
insurance service	a financial service in which the insurer promises to provide compensation for specific potential future losses in exchange for a periodic payment	rel:definition	1
delivery terms	settlement terms specifying what (cash, an asset, etc.) is to be delivered when, to whom, under what conditions at the time of settlement	rel:definition	1
security listing	a capability for listing a security provided by a securities trading facility	rel:definition	1
rub annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the RUB-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
cashflow formula	a formula for determining cashflows for a derivative instrument	rel:definition	1
agent for service of process	a registered agent (person or organization) designated by a business entity, such as a corporation, to receive legal correspondence on behalf of the business entity in the jurisdiction in which the agent's address is located	rel:definition	1
usd tibor isdc	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-TIBOR-ISDC	rel:definition	1
partnership	venture in which two or more legal entities carry out some business activities under a common identity	rel:definition	1
organization part identifier	an identifier allocated to a particular organizational sub-unit	rel:definition	1
usd cmt	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-CMT-T7051	rel:definition	1
government body	a formal organization that is an agency, instrumentality, or other body of supranational, national, federal, state, or local government, including certain multijurisdictional agencies and departments that carry out the business of government	rel:definition	1
local operating unit identifier	an identifier that uniquely identifies a local operating unit (LOU), issued by the Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF)	rel:definition	1
post code area	a physical area uniquely identified by some postal code	rel:definition	1
nzd bbr bid	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the NZD-BBR-BID	rel:definition	1
cad libor bba	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
unilateral commitment	A commitment made by one party without reference to the party to which the commitment is made.	rel:definition	1
call schedule	a schedule that defines the events associated with the call feature of a debt instrument, i.e, the dates on which the debt instrument may be called (recalled) at what price by the issuer	rel:definition	1
skk bribor brbo	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SKK-BRIBOR-BRBO	rel:definition	1
adult	a person who has attained the age of majority as defined by given jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
partnership with general partners	a partnership that has two or more general partners	rel:definition	1
base rate	a reference rate that is the base rate set by a central bank for a given currency	rel:definition	1
euro interbank offered rate	a daily interbank offered rate based on the averaged interest rates at which Eurozone banks offer to lend unsecured funds to other banks in the euro wholesale money market (or interbank market)	rel:definition	1
housing unit	a house, an apartment, a mobile home or trailer, a group of rooms, or a single room occupied as separate living quarters, or if vacant, intended for occupancy as separate living quarters	rel:definition	1
shareholder	An individual, group, or organization that owns one or more shares in a company, and in whose name the share certificate is issued.  It is legal for a company to have only one shareholder. Also called (in the US) stockholder.	rel:definition	1
legally capable person	a person who is allowed to conduct a business or any other occupation on his or her own behalf or for their own account	rel:definition	1
legislature	the law-making body of a political unit, usually a national government, that has power to enact, amend, and repeal public policy	rel:definition	1
account specific service agreement	a service-agreement that is account-specific, applicable in cases where a client holds multiple accounts with differing terms and conditions	rel:definition	1
czk pribor prbo	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CZK-PRIBOR-PRBO	rel:definition	1
incapacitated adult	an adult who is legally identified as not having legal capacity, typically as a result of some inherent physical or mental incapacity or as a result of having contracted some illness which temporarily deprives them of such capacity	rel:definition	1
finance company	a financial intermediary in the business of making loans to individuals or businesses that obtains its financing from banks, institutions, and other money market sources rather than from deposits	rel:definition	1
beneficial owner	Entity that enjoys the possession and/or benefits of ownership (such as receipt of income) of a property even though its ownership (title) is in the name of another entity (called a nominee or registered owner). Use of a nominee (who may be an agent, custodian, or a trustee) does not change the position regarding tax reporting and tax liability, and the beneficial-owner remains responsible.	rel:definition	1
contractual capability	the capacity to enter into legally binding contracts	rel:definition	1
instrument of incorporation	Some legal instrument by which some legal entity which is not a natural person is made to exist.	rel:definition	1
financial instrument global identifier registry entry	an entry in a Financial Instrument Global Identifier (FIGI) registry	rel:definition	1
eur euribor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-EURIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
registered multilateral trading facility	a multilateral system operated by an investment firm or market operator, which brings together multiple third-party buying and selling interests in financial instruments in the system, in accordance with non-discretionary rules, in a way that results in a contract in accordance with the provisions of Title II of the MiFID II	rel:definition	1
customer	a buyer that receives or consumes products (goods or services) and has the ability to choose between different products and suppliers	rel:definition	1
country	a self-governing geopolitical unit that is recognized as a country by the United Nations	rel:definition	1
federal funds rate	a reference rate that is the interest rate at which a depository institution lends funds maintained at the Federal Reserve to another depository institution overnight	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly quarterly swap rate icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-Quarterly-Quarterly Swap Rate-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle stage	a phase in a product lifecycle	rel:definition	1
financial instrument identification scheme	a formal definition of the structure and application of a particular set of financial instrument identifiers	rel:definition	1
service agreement	a written contract between a client and service provider whereby the service provider supplies some service in the form of time, effort, and/or expertise in exchange for compensation	rel:definition	1
legally capable adult	a person who has attained the age of majority as defined by given jurisdiction and is allowed to conduct a business or any other occupation on his or her own behalf or for their own account	rel:definition	1
legal capacity	the capacity to carry out certain actions or to have certain rights	rel:definition	1
swap party	a party to a swap and therefore a legal party to the contract that embodies that transaction	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
usd isdafix swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-ISDAFIX3-Swap Rate-3:00	rel:definition	1
abartn registry entry	an entry in the ABA RTN registry, a repository of financial institution characteristics collected by the ABA Registrar on behalf of the ABA	rel:definition	1
contract	a voluntary, deliberate, and legally binding agreement between two or more competent parties	rel:definition	1
cad ba cdor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-BA-CDOR	rel:definition	1
national security identification scheme	a security identification scheme, defining the format and structure of a National Securities Identifying Number (NSIN), published nationally on behalf of a country	rel:definition	1
percentage monetary amount	a measure of some amount of money expressed as a percentage of some other amount, some notional amount or some concrete money amount	rel:definition	1
owners equity	equity owned in some concern as recorded on the books of that concern	rel:definition	1
aud semi swap rate icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-Semi-annual Swap Rate-ICAP	rel:definition	1
report	a document organized in a narrative, graphic, or tabular form, prepared on ad hoc, periodic, recurring, regular, or as required basis	rel:definition	1
borrowing capacity	an amount of money that an individual or organization can borrow	rel:definition	1
overnight rate	a reference rate that is an interest rate at which a depository institution lends funds to another depository institution (short-term), or the interest rate the central bank charges a financial institution to borrow money overnight	rel:definition	1
fixed payment leg	the terms for the fixed payment leg of a swap such as a dividend swap, or for any swap that has a fixed leg, including, for example, a single stock swap	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap cme lch icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-3M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
myr klibor bnm	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the MYR-KLIBOR-BNM	rel:definition	1
usd annual swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Annual Swap Rate-4:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
business day convention	a convention that enumerates the possible ways to handle a date that falls on a weekend or holiday	rel:definition	1
board of directors	Governing body (called the board) of an incorporated firm. Its members (directors) are elected normally by the subscribers (stockholders) of the firm (generally at an annual general meeting or AGM) to govern the firm and look after the subscribers' interests. The board has the ultimate decision-making authority and, in general, is empowered to (1) set the company's policy, objectives, and overall direction, (2) adopt bylaws, (3) name members of the advisory, executive, finance, and other committees, (4) hire, monitor, evaluate, and fire the managing director and senior executives, (5) determine and pay the dividend, and (6) issue additional shares. Though all its members might not be engaged in the company's day-to-day operations, the entire board is held liable (under the doctrine of collective responsibility) for the consequences of the firm's policies, actions, and failures to act. Members of the board usually include senior-most executives (called inside directors or executive directors) as well as experts or respected persons chosen from the wider community (called outside directors or non-executive directors).	rel:definition	1
submitter	a party presenting something, such as a regulatory report	rel:definition	1
publishing house	some organization whose principal role is to publish information	rel:definition	1
investment based de facto control	Control which arises through some investment in some entity, other than as the holding of constitutional equity (shares etc.) in that entity.	rel:definition	1
security identifier	any publicly available identifier that is used to identify a security	rel:definition	1
term structure	a structured collection of rates, such as interest rates, or bond yields with different terms to maturity, such that a yield curve may be constructed for the structure	rel:definition	1
registration address	an address for an organization used to register that organization in any registry, such as its legal address, headquarters address, a local address used to obtain a license or pay taxes in some jurisdiction, etc.	rel:definition	1
variance	a measure of spread, calculated as the average squared deviation of each number from the mean of a data set	rel:definition	1
cashflow expression	an expression that specifies a calculation of a cash flow as a component of a cashflow formula	rel:definition	1
usd cp	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-CP-H.15	rel:definition	1
swap stream event	a payment event (e.g., interest payment, coupon payment, etc.) against one leg of a swap stream	rel:definition	1
us treasury bill date	an auction date for US 13 week and 26 week Treasury bills	rel:definition	1
debt terms	contract terms that specify the formal rights and obligations of borrower and lender under a contract in which funds are lent from the one party to the other	rel:definition	1
frs member bank	a Federal Reserve member bank	rel:definition	1
ratio expression	a proportional relationship specifically between two different quantities or expressions, arrived at by dividing one by the other	rel:definition	1
thb semi annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the THB-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
combined statistical area	a combination of adjacent metropolitan and micropolitan areas with economic ties measured by commuting patterns	rel:definition	1
swap stream interest calculation schedule	parametric schedule of calculation dates	rel:definition	1
idr semi annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the IDR-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
pool equity	a share or proportion of the capital gains in some pool investment such as a fund or a debt asset pool	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap cme lch icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-6M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
average hourly earnings	a measure of the average hourly wage an employee makes over the reporting period	rel:definition	1
international securities identification numbering scheme	a formal definition of the structure and application of a ISINs as defined in ISO 6166	rel:definition	1
interbank rate	a reference rate that is the rate of interest charged on short-term loans between banks	rel:definition	1
nzd bbr telerate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the NZD-BBR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
eur tam cdc	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-TAM-CDC	rel:definition	1
canadian households consumers universe	a statistical universe consisting of all private households in Canada, with the exception of soldiers on military bases, people living on First Nations reserves, institutionalized persons, and households living in the rural areas of the three northern territories	rel:definition	1
establishment population	a subset of the enterprise population focused on establishments	rel:definition	1
usd isda swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-ISDA-Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
military person	a person that is a member of the active duty military	rel:definition	1
guaranty	a commitment whereby something, such as a debt, cash flows on a debt instrument (e.g., interest payments), or performance of some obligation, is guaranteed if the person or organization with primary liability fails to perform	rel:definition	1
hkd isda swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-ISDA-Swap Rate-4:00	rel:definition	1
control	the possession by a party, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a thing, whether through the ownership of voting shares, by contract, or otherwise	rel:definition	1
stockholm interbank offered rate	a daily interbank offered rate based on the interest rates at which banks offer to lend unsecured funds to other banks in the Swedish wholesale money market (or interbank market), without collateral, at different maturities; STIBOR is the average (with the exception of the highest and lowest quotes) of the interest rates listed at 11 a.m.	rel:definition	1
average monthly earnings	a measure of the average monthly wage an employee makes over the reporting period	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap cme lch icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-3M EURIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
physical site	A physical site is a an actual location that situates something, typically a structure or building, archeological dig, landing location for an aircraft or spacecraft, etc.  From biology, this could also be the site of a wound, and active site, and so forth. A physical site has certain characteristics that contribute to the context it provides, including area, shape, accessibility, and in the case of a geographic site, landforms, soil and ground conditions, climate, and so forth.	rel:definition	1
restricted percentage	a proportion of something expressed as a percentage amount and not exceeding 100% of that of which it is the percentage	rel:definition	1
exempt transaction	a securities transaction for which there is no requirement to register the transaction with a regulatory agency	rel:definition	1
reference interest rate	a market rate that is a rate of interest paid by or agreed among some bank or set of banks	rel:definition	1
investment firm	any legal person whose regular occupation or business is the provision of one or more investment services to third parties and/or the performance of one or more investment activities on a professional basis	rel:definition	1
publicly issued debt	an issued debt in the form of a tradable debt instrument (security)	rel:definition	1
international money market settlement date rule	a settlement date rule as defined in the International Money Market (IMM) settlement dates calendar	rel:definition	1
transaction confirmation	written communication from a seller or service provider reciting the relevant details of a transaction	rel:definition	1
swap execution facility	an exchange, trading system, or platform that enables many participants to execute or trade swaps	rel:definition	1
partnership equity	equity in some partnership	rel:definition	1
total controlling interest company	an organization having 100 percent ownership one or more organizations it holds voting shares in	rel:definition	1
debt instrument	a financial instrument evidencing a contractual obligation by the issuer to the holder to pay cash or deliver some other asset on terms as specified	rel:definition	1
account holder	a party holding an account	rel:definition	1
securities transaction identifier	an identifier for a securities transaction	rel:definition	1
executive	person appointed and given the responsibility to manage the affairs of an organization and the authority to make decisions within specified boundaries	rel:definition	1
registration requirement	a requirement for registraton of a security within some country, jurisdiction or federal province  ... applies to a registered security, is a function of registration regulations	rel:definition	1
securities restriction	a legal restriction that is applicable to a financial instrument or security listing as mandated in a law or by contract	rel:definition	1
trust fund manager	A trust fund manager acts on behalf of the Trustee to manage the assets of the Trust.	rel:definition	1
physical location	A location in physical space	rel:definition	1
usd cp reference dealers	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-CP-Reference Dealers	rel:definition	1
amortization	the process of reduction of debt or other costs through periodic charges to assets or liabilities, such as through principal payments on mortgages	rel:definition	1
party holding some option for control	Some party holding the option to exercise some de jure controlling interest	rel:definition	1
eur tec reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-TEC5-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
investment or deposit account	an account associated with a product or service that requires the account holder to provide funds for management by the account provider	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle occurrence	a realization of a product lifecycle	rel:definition	1
joint venture partner	a party in the role of joint venture partner to some venture	rel:definition	1
inr semi annual swap rate non tullett prebon	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the INR-Semi Annual Swap Rate-Non-deliverable-16:00-Tullett Prebon	rel:definition	1
jpy libor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
total	a sum of the values for some characteristic of all units	rel:definition	1
corporation	a formal organization treated as an entity - an artificial person or legal entity distinct from its owners - created by or under the authority of the laws of a state or nation	rel:definition	1
sgd sonar ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-SONAR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
role	A role is a set of connected behaviours, rights, obligations, beliefs, and norms as conceptualised by actors in the context of some situation.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
private company with limited liability	a hybrid business entity having certain characteristics of both a corporation and a partnership or sole proprietorship (depending on how many owners there are).	rel:definition	1
fixed basket constituent	a component of a fixed basket	rel:definition	1
isk reibor reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the ISK-REIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
inr inbmk reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the INR-INBMK-REUTERS	rel:definition	1
tradable debt instrument	a debt instrument that is also a security, i.e., that can be bought and sold by the holder	rel:definition	1
exchange	any organization, association, or group of persons, whether incorporated or unincorporated, which constitutes, maintains, or provides a facility for bringing together purchasers and sellers of financial instruments, commodities, or other products, services, or goods, and includes the market place and facilities maintained by such exchange	rel:definition	1
body incorporated with guarantee	Incorporated entity without share capital, and in which the liability of its members is limited to the amount each one of them undertakes to contribute at the time the firm is wound up.	rel:definition	1
interest rate swap	a swap in which the underlier for one or both legs is an interest rate	rel:definition	1
usd cd reference dealers	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-CD-Reference Dealers	rel:definition	1
controlling capacity	the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the thing which is controlled	rel:definition	1
try tryibor reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TRY-TRYIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
cny shibor reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CNY-SHIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
partnership incorporated by equity	a partnership incorporated via the issuance of equity, with limited partners (i.e., partners whose liability is limited) that are necessarily not natural persons (i.e., cannot be individuals)	rel:definition	1
gbp libor swap cme lch icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-6M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
joint stock company	1. In the UK, the original (17th century) name for a corporation in which the liability of the owners is limited to the nominal value of the stock (shares) held by them.\n2. In the US, a corporation with unlimited liability for the shareholders. Investors in a US joint stock company receive stock (shares) which can be transferred, and can elect a board of directors, but are jointly-and-severally liable for companys debts and obligations. A US joint stock company cannot hold title to a real property.	rel:definition	1
contract principal	the party identified as being the principal or first party to a contract, in the event that the contract distinguishes any party as the principal	rel:definition	1
proprietary security identifier	an identifier supplied by a commercial data provider or government, such as a RIC code	rel:definition	1
location	Anything that can be defined as the answer to a question of the form, Where is...?	rel:definition	1
independent party	any person or organization capable of performing any business party role, such as an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a joint-stock company, a business trust, or an unincorporated organization	rel:definition	1
aud quarterly swap rate icap reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-Quarterly Swap Rate-ICAP-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
federal reserve district bank	a Federal Reserve district and member bank, with jurisdiction over a specific region of the US, named for the city in which the reserve bank is located	rel:definition	1
usd libor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
institutional person	a person that resides in an institution for some reason, due, for example, to hospitalization, rehabilitation, or incarceration	rel:definition	1
repofunds rate france ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the REPOFUNDS RATE-FRANCE-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate tullett prebon	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-Tullett Prebon	rel:definition	1
call price	a price at which a debt instrument with a call feature may be redeemed by the issuer	rel:definition	1
branch of government	a division of the government of a state, with separate and independent powers and areas of responsibility so that the powers of one branch are not in conflict with the powers associated with the other branches	rel:definition	1
security underwriter	an organization(s) responsible for raising the capital necessary for the issuance of securities on behalf of corporations and governments issuing the securities (both equity and debt)	rel:definition	1
managed investment	an investment pool that is controlled by a professional investment manager who invests the pool in various financial instruments and assets that align with their investment objectives and is overseen by a board of directors	rel:definition	1
rub annual swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the RUB-Annual Swap Rate-4:15-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap eurex lch icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-6M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
lifecycle	an arrangement that compares the cyclical nature of families, organizations, processes, products, marketing, and order management, portfolio management or other systems with the cradle to grave life stages (birth, growth, maturity, decay, and death) of living organisms	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle event	a kind of event that occurs during one or more stages of a product lifecycle	rel:definition	1
swap stream interest calculation	calculation of the interest due	rel:definition	1
catalog	a list of goods and/or services available for sale with their description and possibly prices, published as a printed or  electronic document (e-catalog)	rel:definition	1
czk annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CZK-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
floating rate note date	a calculated date associated with a floating-rate note, also known as a floater or FRN, which is a debt instrument with a variable interest rate	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle stage occurrence	an instance of a phase in an occurrence of a given trade lifecycle	rel:definition	1
nzd bbr isdc	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the NZD-BBR-ISDC	rel:definition	1
issued debt	debt that is set out by the borrower in some form of financial security in which the lender is the holder or counterparty of that security	rel:definition	1
mixed basket	a basket that has a mix of constituents, including securities and indices	rel:definition	1
controlling party	Party which exercises some form of control in some context.	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor hibor bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-HIBOR-HIBOR-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
entity status	a lifecycle stage indicating the operational and/or legal status of an entity as specified in a given business registry for that entity	rel:definition	1
exchange and listing service	a trading and (optionally) listing service for the purposes of securities trading	rel:definition	1
guarantor	a party that guarantees, endorses, or provides indemnity for some obligation on behalf of some other party	rel:definition	1
inr semi annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the INR-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
zar deposit reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the ZAR-DEPOSIT-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
legal entity identifier registry	a registry for registering and maintaining information about business entities for a particular jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
business registry entry	an entry in a business registry	rel:definition	1
legitimate organization	An organization that exists to serve some lawful purpose	rel:definition	1
daily average market rate	a measure of the overall price level of a given rate, calculated as the sum of all values of the rates for a particular reference rate, foreign exchange rate, lending rate, or other market rate divided by the total number of rates collected over the course of a twenty-four (24) hour period for a specific date	rel:definition	1
nzd swap rate icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the NZD-Swap Rate-ICAP	rel:definition	1
notional step period length	a recurrence interval indicating the frequency with which step changes occur, which is a multiple of the calculation period in the calculation schedule	rel:definition	1
aud libor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
introducing broker	an entity that solicits or accepts orders for futures or options contracts traded on or subject to the rules of an exchange; and does not accept any money, securities, or property (or extend credit in lieu thereof) to margin, guarantee, or secure any trades or contracts that result or may result	rel:definition	1
eur isda euribor swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-12:00	rel:definition	1
funds identifier	the trigraph representing the funds	rel:definition	1
swap paying party	a swap party responsible for making payments for a given leg of the transaction as defined in the contract	rel:definition	1
urban consumer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the average change over time in the prices paid by urban consumers for a market basket of consumer goods and services	rel:definition	1
polity	a legal person that is a supranational entity, crown, state, or subordinate civil authority, such as a province, prefecture, county, municipality, city, or district representing the people of that entity	rel:definition	1
parametric cashflow terms	terms for a set of cashflows defined according to a mathematical formula	rel:definition	1
arithmetic mean	the sum of a collection of numbers divided by the number of numbers in the collection	rel:definition	1
usd ba reference dealers	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-BA-Reference Dealers	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap eurex lch icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-6M EURIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
thb sor telerate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the THB-SOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
securities exchange	an organized, national exchange where securities, options, and futures contracts may be traded by members for their own accounts and for the accounts of their customers	rel:definition	1
usd ois ny icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-OIS-11:00-NY-ICAP	rel:definition	1
sales finance company	a finance company that purchases retail and wholesale paper from automobile and other consumer and commercial goods dealers	rel:definition	1
huf bubor reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HUF-BUBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
voting shareholding	a holding of some voting share	rel:definition	1
explicit date period	a date period for which the start date, end date, and duration are all explicit	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-EONIA-OIS-4:15-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
interest	the cost of using credit, or another's money, expressed as a rate per period of time, payable by a debtor to a creditor in consideration of the credit extended to the debtor	rel:definition	1
sek stibor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SEK-STIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
jpy bbsf bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-BBSF-Bloomberg-10:00	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate swap marker	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
legal entity identifier scheme	a scheme that specifies the elements of an unambiguous legal entity identifier (LEI) scheme to identify the legal entities relevant to any financial transaction	rel:definition	1
non depository trust company	a trust company that accepts and executes trusts, but does not issue currency; non-depository trust companies can either be Federal Reserve Members or Federal Reserve Non-members	rel:definition	1
date	a calendar day on some calendar	rel:definition	1
sek sior ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SEK-SIOR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
agent in role	An agent-in-role is a relative concept that ties an autonomous agent to a role they are playing in a given situational context.	rel:definition	1
myr klibor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the MYR-KLIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
inr cmt	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the INR-CMT	rel:definition	1
currency identifier	the trigraph representing the currency	rel:definition	1
aud quarterly swap rate icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-Quarterly Swap Rate-ICAP	rel:definition	1
grd athibor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GRD-ATHIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
eur euribor telerate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-EURIBOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
hkd honix ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-HONIX-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
corporate officer duty	some duty incumbent upon some officer of a company	rel:definition	1
derived quantity	a quantity kind, in a system of quantities, that is not a base quantity of the system but may be defined in terms of base quantities of the system	rel:definition	1
cnh hibor tma	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CNH-HIBOR-TMA	rel:definition	1
coco bondholder	Holder of bank bonds which convert to equity holdings in a bank.	rel:definition	1
legal holding restriction	a security restriction applicable to holding the security	rel:definition	1
eur isda libor swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-ISDA-LIBOR Swap Rate-11:00	rel:definition	1
new housing sector	a classifier for a sector of the economy used for price indices focused on contractors' selling prices of new residential houses, where detailed specifications pertaining to each house remain the same between two consecutive periods	rel:definition	1
idr sbi reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the IDR-SBI-Reuters	rel:definition	1
nok nibor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the NOK-NIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11.00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
notional place	A place described in terms of some abstract description or as a list of commonly understood concepts such as domestic, Eurozone etc.	rel:definition	1
jpy stpr quoting banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-STPR-Quoting Banks	rel:definition	1
drivers license	an official document which states that a person may operate a motorized vehicle, such as a motorcycle, car, truck or a bus, on a public roadway	rel:definition	1
identity document	any legal document which may be used to verify aspects of a person's identity	rel:definition	1
finite population	a population for which it is possible to count its units	rel:definition	1
household	an individual or small group of persons who occupy a housing unit (such as a house or apartment) as their usual place of residence, who pool some, or all, of their income and wealth and who consume certain types of goods and services collectively, mainly housing and food	rel:definition	1
regulatory agency	a public authority or government agency responsible for exercising autonomous authority over some area of human activity in a regulatory or supervisory capacity	rel:definition	1
registration scheme	a scheme for organizing information and allocating identifiers to items in a registry	rel:definition	1
jpy isda swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate-15:00	rel:definition	1
unemployed population	a subset of the civilian labor force that is considered to have had no employment but was available for work, except for temporary illness, and had made specific efforts to find employment sometime during a specified period, during the reporting period	rel:definition	1
usd ffcb disco	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-FFCB-DISCO	rel:definition	1
broker dealer	any party in the business of buying and selling securities, operating as both a broker and a dealer, depending on the transaction	rel:definition	1
mxn tiie banxico bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the MXN-TIIE-Banxico-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
php phiref reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the PHP-PHIREF-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
savings bank	a banking institution organized to encourage thrift by paying interest dividends on savings; savings banks can have state and federal affiliations, for example, State Savings Banks and Federal Savings Banks	rel:definition	1
commercial finance company	a finance company that makes loans to manufacturers and wholesalers, secured by accounts receivable, inventories, and equipment	rel:definition	1
usd libor libo	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-LIBOR-LIBO	rel:definition	1
basket of indices	a basket made up of market indices	rel:definition	1
usd treasury rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Treasury Rate-T19901	rel:definition	1
sar srior reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SAR-SRIOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
monetary measure	some measure of some sum of money	rel:definition	1
designated contract market	an exchange, trading system, or platform that enables listing for trading futures or option contracts based on any underlying commodity, index or instrument	rel:definition	1
date returned by settlement date rule	a rule-determined date that is a published rule for defining the date returned by settlement date	rel:definition	1
monetary authority	a regulatory agency that controls the monetary policy, regulation and supply of money in some country or group of countries	rel:definition	1
bank	a depository institution, usually a corporation, that accepts deposits, makes loans, pays checks, and performs related services, for individual members of the public, businesses or other organizations	rel:definition	1
economic rate observable	a rate-based observable that is specifically an economic indicator	rel:definition	1
auction date rule	a business recurrence interval convention that is a published rule for defining the date of some auction event	rel:definition	1
identification scheme	system for allocating identifiers to objects	rel:definition	1
sar srior suaa	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SAR-SRIOR-SUAA	rel:definition	1
for profit corporation	a corporation whose objective is to make money, in other words, to ensure realization of a financial benefit such that the amount of revenue gained from a business activity exceeds the expenses, costs and taxes needed to sustain that activity	rel:definition	1
interest payment terms	contract terms for payment of interest on a debt	rel:definition	1
public shareholder	a shareholder that holds publicly issued shares in a listed company	rel:definition	1
usd treasury rate icap broker tec	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Treasury Rate-ICAP BrokerTec	rel:definition	1
fund unit holder	a party that holds some unit in a fund	rel:definition	1
religious corporation	a not for profit organization whose objective is specific to some fundamental set of beliefs and practices generally agreed upon by a number of people, and that is incorporated under the law	rel:definition	1
consumer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the change over time in the prices of consumer goods and services that households consume	rel:definition	1
chf ois icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-OIS-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
krw cd ksda bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the KRW-CD-KSDA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
base quantity	a quantity kind in a conventionally chosen subset of a given system of quantities, where no subset quantity can be expressed in terms of the others	rel:definition	1
inr mibor ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the INR-MIBOR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
cad ba reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-BA-Reuters	rel:definition	1
jpy tsr telerate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TSR-Telerate-10:00	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-EONIA-OIS-10:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
rub annual swap rate tradition reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the RUB-Annual Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
geometric mean	a mean that indicates the central tendency or typical value of a set of numbers by using the product of their values (as opposed to the arithmetic mean which uses their sum)	rel:definition	1
usd bma municipal swap index	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-BMA Municipal Swap Index	rel:definition	1
dkk cibor bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the DKK-CIBOR2-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
rule determined date	a date determined by the application of some rule	rel:definition	1
sek annual swap rate seswfi	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SEK-Annual Swap Rate-SESWFI	rel:definition	1
birth certificate	an original document certifying the circumstances of the birth, or a certified copy of or representation of the ensuing registration of that birth	rel:definition	1
call premium	an amount over par that an issuer must pay an investor to redeem the security early	rel:definition	1
statistical population	a statistical universe filtered by time and region	rel:definition	1
statistical information publisher	a publisher that publishes statistical information	rel:definition	1
national identification number	a number or text which appears on an identity document issued by a country or jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
floating rate fixing value	value of floating interest rate amount during a given calculation period, along with the relevant parameters in its calculation	rel:definition	1
ordinance	An authoritative rule or law; a decree or command; a public injunction or regulation, such as a city ordinance against excessive horn blowing. (Source: Dictionary.com)	rel:definition	1
php semi annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the PHP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
bylaw	Corporate bylaws are typically called Articles of Association in the United Kingdom, or Articles of Incorporation in the United States. In government usage, the term bylaws is used to describe laws, orders, regulations, rules, etc., made by a ministry, local authority (a municipality, for example), or public corporation, in accordance with the powers conferred by or delegated under a statue (called the parent act).	rel:definition	1
non governmental organization	a not for profit organization that is a citizen-based group that functions independently of government	rel:definition	1
statutory body	a body set up by a government to consider evidence and make judgements in some field of activity	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TIBOR-17097	rel:definition	1
financial instrument classification scheme	a classification scheme defining a particular classifier for a security, such as the ISO 10962 CFI classification scheme	rel:definition	1
municipal entity	a polity that typically represents a city, township, or other administrative subdivision having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate swap marker	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-SwapMarker26	rel:definition	1
non depository institution	any financial institution that acts as the middleman between two parties in a financial transaction, and that does not provide traditional depository services, such as brokerage firms, insurance companies, investment companies, etc.	rel:definition	1
security offering distribution type	the type of distribution for a securities offering, including (1) primary offering - the original sale of a company's securities, in which the proceeds from the sale are received directly by the company, and (2) secondary offering - an offering of a security that has been issued previously	rel:definition	1
public purpose	an objective that reflects values generally thought to be shared by and that is intended to benefit the populace as a whole	rel:definition	1
american statistics publisher	a statistical information publisher comprised of the government agencies and departments that publish statistical information on behalf of the U.S. Federal Government	rel:definition	1
currency spot rate	a rate to exchange one currency for another for immediate delivery	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-EONIA-OIS-10:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
promissory note	a promissory note is a written, signed, unconditional, and unsecured promise by one party (the maker or promisor) to another (the payee or promisee) that commits the maker to pay a specified sum on demand, or on a fixed or a determinable date	rel:definition	1
agency agreement	an agreement that designates a party as a registered agent to represent and act on behalf of another party in some, typically legal, financial, or medical capacity	rel:definition	1
natural person	A person of maturity who in the eyes of the law is able to assume obligations.	rel:definition	1
account	a container for records associated with a business arrangement for regular dealings or services (such as personal or professional services, banking)	rel:definition	1
constitutional owner	a party that holds an equity stake in some entity, in the form of stockholders' equity	rel:definition	1
controlled party	Some party which is controlled in some way and to some degree by some other party.	rel:definition	1
usd cms telerate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-CMS-Telerate	rel:definition	1
plz wibor wibo	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the PLZ-WIBOR-WIBO	rel:definition	1
basket of securities	a basket of traded securities	rel:definition	1
entity ownership context	the context of ownership by some party of an interest in some formal organization	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle	a lifecycle that defines the evolution of a trade, from initiation through settlement	rel:definition	1
exempt issuer	a securities issuer that issues securities that are exempt from certain regulatory reporting requirements	rel:definition	1
relative date	a calculated date that is some duration before or after another date	rel:definition	1
otc transaction	an over-the-counter transaction to exchange an instrument for some consideration	rel:definition	1
krw cd	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the KRW-CD-3220	rel:definition	1
base unit	a measurement unit that is defined by a system of units to be the reference measurement unit for a base quantity	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-EONIA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
interest rate	an amount charged, expressed as a percentage of principal, by a lender to a borrower for the use of assets	rel:definition	1
unemployment rate	an economic indicator representing the ratio of the unemployed population with respect to the civilian labor force of a given economy for some specified period	rel:definition	1
executive branch	the branch of government that has its authority and responsibility for the daily administration of the state	rel:definition	1
industrial bank	a limited service financial institution that raises funds by selling certificates called 'investment shares' and by accepting deposits	rel:definition	1
try annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TRY-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
court of law	A court of law is a court that hears cases and decides them on the basis of statutes or the common law.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate month	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-Annual Swap Rate-3 Month	rel:definition	1
eur isda libor swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-ISDA-LIBOR Swap Rate-10:00	rel:definition	1
securities pool	a pool of securities organized for the purpose of issuing notes against those securities	rel:definition	1
eur euribor basis swap euribor icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR EURIBOR-Basis Swap-1m vs 3m-Euribor-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
vnd semi annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the VND-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
stock corporation	a corporation that has shareholders (stockholders), each of whom receives a portion of the ownership of the corporation through shares of stock	rel:definition	1
establishment	an enterprise (or part of an enterprise) that operates from a single physical location	rel:definition	1
contractual controlling party	A party which exercises some control which is set out in some contract.	rel:definition	1
cooperative society	a commercial enterprise owned and managed by and for the benefit of customers or workers	rel:definition	1
investment equity	equity that represents an ownership interest in some entity, but may or may not take the form of stockholder's equity	rel:definition	1
day of week	a business recurrence interval that indicates a specific, recurring day of the week	rel:definition	1
federal capital area	The capital administrative region of a country which is a federation, if the physical area of this region does not form a part of any of the states or pronvinces which make up the federal country.	rel:definition	1
legally delegated authority	a party having some legal control of some entity	rel:definition	1
explicit duration	a duration for which the 'hasDurationValue' property must be set	rel:definition	1
idr sor reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the IDR-SOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
incorporation guarantee	A guarantee which is part of the means by which some incorporated entity is incorporated by guarantee.	rel:definition	1
affiliate	an affiliate of, or a person affiliated with, a specific person is a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the person specified	rel:definition	1
ownership	Ownership is the context in which some Party is said to own some Independent Thing. The Party is defined as such due to its being the owning party to that Thing.	rel:definition	1
executive board member	An individual performing the role of a board member of a company who also has executive responsibilities in the company.	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle event occurrence	an occurrence of an event that occurs during a specific stage of a specific product lifecycle	rel:definition	1
benefit corporation	a not for profit corporation set up under specific state legislation to provide some stated societal benefit, and with some corresponding relaxation of the obligation to maximize shareholder return	rel:definition	1
cny quarterly repo non deliverable swap rate tradition reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CNY-Quarterly 7 day Repo Non Deliverable Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
financial instrument classifier	a standardized classifier for a financial instrument based on its type	rel:definition	1
usd federal funds bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Federal Funds-H.15-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
product	A commercially distributed good that is (1) tangible property, (2) the output or result of a fabrication, manufacturing, or production process, or (3) something that passes through a distribution channel before being consumed or used.	rel:definition	1
capital	financial capital, which represents obligations, and is liquidated as money for trade, and owned by legal entities	rel:definition	1
quantity	a property of a phenomenon, body, or substance, to which a number can be assigned with respect to a reference	rel:definition	1
service provider	a party that provides and typically provisions professional services, such as consulting, financial, legal, real estate, education, communications, storage, or processing services, to other parties, typically defined in a service agreement	rel:definition	1
partnership incorporated through agreement	a partnership which has legal personhood, but for which there is not some issuance of limited partner equity	rel:definition	1
statistical area	a physical location that is defined per a nationally consistent program for designating geographic regions for the purposes of tabulating and presenting statistical data	rel:definition	1
national numbering agency	a registration authority responsible for issuing and managing National Securities Identifying Numbers for securities in accordance with the ISO 6166 standard in some jurisdiction (typically that of a country)	rel:definition	1
lifecycle stage	a phase in a lifecycle	rel:definition	1
conversion terms	contract terms specifying when and how a security may be converted to another security (usually of the same issuer)	rel:definition	1
cad tbill reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-TBILL-Reuters	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
investment bank	a financial service provider that performs a variety of services. Investment banks specialize in large and complex financial transactions such as underwriting, acting as an intermediary between a securities issuer and the investing public, facilitating mergers and other corporate reorganizations, and acting as a broker and/or financial adviser for institutional clients.	rel:definition	1
fixed interest rate	an interest rate that does not fluctuate over the lifetime of a loan or other debt instrument	rel:definition	1
metropolitan statistical area	one or more adjacent counties or county equivalents that have at least one urban core area of at least 50,000 population, plus adjacent territory that has a high degree of social and economic integration with the core as measured by commuting ties	rel:definition	1
eur eonia average	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-EONIA-AVERAGE	rel:definition	1
usd ois tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-OIS-4:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
offeree	a party that receives an offer from something from someone (i.e., an offerer) based on the terms of the offering	rel:definition	1
populated place	a community in which people live or have lived, without being specific as to size, population or importance	rel:definition	1
usd annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
degree of control	the degree of control one entity has over another	rel:definition	1
transferable contract	a contract in which the rights and obligations of one party (the holder) may be transferred to another party, which thereby takes on the same rights and obligations with respect to the other party to the contract	rel:definition	1
central securities depository	a functional entity that provides a central point for depositing financial instruments ('securities'), for example bonds and shares	rel:definition	1
local firm	a firm dealing for its own account on markets in financial futures or options or other derivatives and on cash markets for the sole purpose of hedging positions on derivatives markets, or dealing for the accounts of other members of those markets and being guaranteed by clearing members of the same markets, where responsibility for ensuring the performance of contracts entered into by such a firm is assumed by clearing members of the same markets	rel:definition	1
average weekly earnings	a measure of the average weekly wage an employee makes over the reporting period	rel:definition	1
warrant holder	A holder of some warrant which when exercised would confer upon that party some de jure controlling interest in some entity.	rel:definition	1
regional sovereignty	the legal person that corresponds to an administrative division, administrative unit, administrative entity or country subdivision (or, sometimes, geopolitical division or subnational entity), that has the capacity to incur debt, issue contracts, and enter into relations with other similar entities	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor isdc	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-HIBOR-ISDC	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois compound bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-EONIA-OIS-COMPOUND-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
ron annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the RON-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
derived unit	a measurement unit for a derived quantity	rel:definition	1
time direction	an enumeration that indicates whether a calendar specified date is figured from the start or the end of a calendar period	rel:definition	1
registry identifier	an identifier associated with an entry in a registry, i.e., one that provides an index to the registry for the identified item	rel:definition	1
regulated market	a medium for the exchange of goods or services over which a government body exerts a level of control. This control may require market participants to comply with environmental standards, product-safety specifications, information disclosure requirements and so on.	rel:definition	1
inr fbil mibor ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the INR-FBIL-MIBOR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
federal state	a self-governing geopolitical unit which forms part of a wider geopolitical unit that is recognized as a country	rel:definition	1
twd reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TWD-Reuters-6165	rel:definition	1
eur euribor act bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-EURIBOR-Act/365-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
partnership with only limited partners	a partnership having limited partners but no general partners	rel:definition	1
organizational sub unit	any department, service, or other entity within a larger formal organization that only has full recognition within the context of that formal organization, but requires identification for some purpose	rel:definition	1
interbank bid rate	an interbank rate that is the interest rate at which participating banks are willing to borrow deposits from other banks	rel:definition	1
duty	some obligation which exists and is imposed on some individual	rel:definition	1
borrower	a party to a debt instrument that is obligated to repay the amount borrowed (principal) with interest and other fees according to the terms of the instrument	rel:definition	1
employment situation survey	a survey conducted on a regular basis that presents analytical information focused on the employment characteristics of a given statistical area	rel:definition	1
government department	a specialized organization responsible for a sector of government public administration	rel:definition	1
put price	a price at which a debt instrument with a put feature may be sold by the holder	rel:definition	1
principal repayment terms	contract terms that specify requirements for repayment of the principal	rel:definition	1
otc contract settlement terms	settlement terms specific to an over-the-counter agreement	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
industrial products sector	a classifier for a sector of the economy used for price indices focused on major commodities sold by manufacturers in Canada	rel:definition	1
financial holding company	a financial entity engaged in a broad range of banking-related activities, created by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999	rel:definition	1
calculation formula	a mathematical formula that transforms one or more inputs into an amount or number of something	rel:definition	1
cny quarterly repo non deliverable swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CNY-Quarterly 7 day Repo Non Deliverable Swap Rate-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
investor	a party that owns some stake in some organization by way of investment	rel:definition	1
owner	A party in the ownership role; one that owns something. The thing owned is an Asset to that Party.	rel:definition	1
financial exposure	the extent to which an individual or organization is open to risk of suffering a loss in a transaction, or with respect to some investment or set of investments, e.g., some holding; the amount one stands to lose in that transaction or investment	rel:definition	1
usd treasury rate swap marker	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Treasury Rate-SwapMarker100	rel:definition	1
offering	an expression of interest in providing something to someone that is contigent upon acceptance, forbearance, or some other consideration, as desired by the offeree(s)	rel:definition	1
aud libor bba	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
grd athimid reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GRD-ATHIMID-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
sgd sibor telerate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-SIBOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
twd telerate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TWD-Telerate-6165	rel:definition	1
shareholding	Legal power of stockholders (shareholders) varies in proportion to their shareholdings. Typically, ten percent and below stockholding provides no protection. Fifteen percent stockholding may give the power to petition courts against changing the shares class rights. Up to 49.9 percent stockholding normally gives power to demand calling of an extraordinary general meeting. Fifty percent and over stockholding gives power to fire a director and force out minority stockholders by acquiring their shares as per the rules of the firm. Holder of 75 percent of the stock has the power to change the articles and memorandum of association and the firms name, reduce the share capital, allow the firm to buy its own shares from other stockholders, and to shut down the business. One hundred percent stockholding of course gives total power under the corporate legislation.	rel:definition	1
jpy tsr telerate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TSR-Telerate-15:00	rel:definition	1
law	a system of rules and guidelines which are enforced through social institutions to govern behavior	rel:definition	1
legally incorporated partnership member	a party that is a member or partner in a legally incorporated partnership such as an LLC or LLP	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap eurex lch icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-3M EURIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
non tradable debt redemption provision	terms for repayment of principal on debt instruments that are not traded securities, such as over the counter, bilateral paper	rel:definition	1
restriction	a Securities & Exchange Commission rule modifying a two-year holding period requirement on privately placed securities to permit qualified institutional buyers to trade these positions among themselves	rel:definition	1
interest rate swap leg	the components specifiying an interest rate stream, including both a parametric and cashflow representation for the stream of payments	rel:definition	1
payment service	a financial service that involves acceptance of electronic payments by a variety of payment methods including credit card, bank-based payments such as direct debit, bank transfer, and real-time bank transfer based on online banking	rel:definition	1
not for profit corporation	a corporation approved by its jurisdictional oversight and taxing authorities as operating for educational, charitable, social, religious, civic or humanitarian purposes	rel:definition	1
government agency	a permanent or semi-permanent organization, often an appointed commission, in the machinery of government that is responsible for the oversight and administration of specific functions	rel:definition	1
licensed agent	any individual who is licensed to perform a legally binding function, and who has been legally empowered to act on behalf of another party	rel:definition	1
exchange specific securities registry entry	an entry in an exchange-specific securities repository	rel:definition	1
private offering	an offering for the sale of stocks, bonds, or other investments directly to an institutional or other qualified investor	rel:definition	1
controlled company	a company over which another organization has some degree of control by way of ownership of voting shares	rel:definition	1
exposure	the extent to which an individual or organization is unprotected and open to damage, danger, risk of suffering a loss, or uncertainty	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-ICAP	rel:definition	1
eur tec reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-TEC10-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
put event	an event associated with the put schedule for a debt instrument, i.e., an event involving the 'put', or surrender of the instrument by the holder	rel:definition	1
venue	A place where something happens, described in the context of the event or activity that occurs there	rel:definition	1
signatory capacity	the capacity of some natural person to sign agreements on the part of some organization or legal person	rel:definition	1
sgd sor reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-SOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
controlling alliance	Some group of entities which have formed some alliance or agreement in terms of which they jointly exercise control over some entity.	rel:definition	1
automated system	a system that reduces or eliminates the need for human involvement in order to complete a task.	rel:definition	1
entity validation level enumeration	an enumerated datatype specifying the level of validation performed by the GLEIF or LOU with respect to the reference data provided by the registrant	rel:definition	1
financial product catalog	a catalog of financial products and/or services available for sale with their description and other product details	rel:definition	1
nzd bbr fra	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the NZD-BBR-FRA	rel:definition	1
relationship manager	a responsible party who manages the client's account (or portfolio of accounts) and oversees their relationship with the service provider	rel:definition	1
aud bbr bbsy bid	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-BBR-BBSY (BID)	rel:definition	1
legal entity identifier	an organization identifier that uniquely identifies a legal person as defined in ISO 17442	rel:definition	1
brl cdi	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the BRL-CDI	rel:definition	1
division	a part of a company, such as a line of business, that may have separate accounting or reporting requirements	rel:definition	1
sampling variance	a measure of the extent to which the estimate of a characteristic from different possible samples of the same size and the same design differ from one another	rel:definition	1
cad ba cdor bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-BA-CDOR-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle	a lifecycle specific to a product or product family	rel:definition	1
offering statement	an offering memorandum that conforms to Regulation A, Offering Statement, of the Securities Act of 1933	rel:definition	1
gbp wmba sonia compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-WMBA-SONIA-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
cny semi annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CNY-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
underwriting arrangement	a contractual agreement between an organization (typically an investment bank) and a securities issuer that commits the underwriter to assuming risk involved in buying a new issue of securities from an issuing corporation or government entity and reselling it to the public, either directly or through dealers	rel:definition	1
trust beneficiary	Person or organization for whose present or future interest (benefit) an annuity, assignment (such as a letter of credit), contract, insurance policy, judgment, promise, trust, will, etc., is made	rel:definition	1
zar prime average reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the ZAR-PRIME-AVERAGE-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly annual swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
payment event	an event that involves delivery of money in fulfillment of an obligation	rel:definition	1
quoted exchange rate	an exchange rate quoted at a specific point in time, for a given block amount of currency as quoted against another (base) currency	rel:definition	1
measurement unit	a quantity, defined and adopted by convention, with which any other quantity of the same kind can be compared to express the ratio of the two quantities as a number	rel:definition	1
crime syndicate	An informal grouping formed for the purposes of organized criminal activities	rel:definition	1
future	a contract that obligates the buyer to receive and the seller to deliver, in the future, the assets specified at an agreed price	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
inr mifor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the INR-MIFOR	rel:definition	1
business day adjustment	a convention that specifies what happens when a date falls on a day that is a weekend or a holiday in some business center	rel:definition	1
negotiable security	a security that can be transferred or delivered to another party	rel:definition	1
record	a memorialization and objective evidence of activities performed, events occurred, results achieved, or statements made, regardless of its characteristics, media, physical form, or the manner in which it is recorded or stored	rel:definition	1
international securities identification number	a security identifier that is defined as specified in ISO 6166, Securities and related financial instruments -- International securities identification numbering system (ISIN)	rel:definition	1
basket constituent	a component of a basket	rel:definition	1
self regulating organization	a non-governmental organization that has the power to create and exercise some degree of regulatory authority over an industry or profession in some country or group of countries	rel:definition	1
cad libor bba bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle event	a kind of event that occurs during one or more stages of the lifecycle of a trade	rel:definition	1
federal reserve district	a region of the US identifying the jurisdiction of a Federal Reserve Bank, numbered and named for the city in which that reserve bank is located	rel:definition	1
industry sector classifier	a standardized classification or delineation for an organization, or possibly for a security representing an interest in a given organization, per some scheme for such delineation, by industry	rel:definition	1
output producer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the rate of change over time in the prices of products sold as they leave the producer	rel:definition	1
not for profit objective	an objective that reflects the charitable, educational, religious, humanitarian, public services, or other not for profit goals of an organization	rel:definition	1
frs non member bank	a financial institution that is not a Federal Reserve member bank	rel:definition	1
client identifier	an identifier for a client	rel:definition	1
business registry	a registry for registering and maintaining information about business entities	rel:definition	1
site	A site is a place, setting, or context in which something is situated.	rel:definition	1
contractual commitment	terms and conditions that define the commitment made by the contracting parties, such as rights and obligations when a contract is awarded or entered into	rel:definition	1
investment company	Any issuer which: (a) is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities; (b) is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of issuing face-amount certificates of the installment type, or has been engaged in such business and has any such certificate outstanding; or (c) is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding, or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 per centum of the value of such issuer&apos;s total assets (exclusive of Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis	rel:definition	1
usd isdafix swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-ISDAFIX3-Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
jpy libor bba bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle occurrence	a realization of a trade lifecycle	rel:definition	1
clearing bank	a commercial bank that facilitates payment and settlement of financial transactions, such as check clearing or facilitating trades between the sellers and buyers of securities or other financial instruments or contracts	rel:definition	1
good	any tangible thing that is not money or real estate	rel:definition	1
commerce	the commercial activity of buying and selling goods	rel:definition	1
custom product	a product that is made to an individual's order, commissioned to a customer's specifications, or designed to order	rel:definition	1
legal system	Legal regimen of a country consisting of (1) a written or oral constitution, (2) primary legislation (statutes) enacted by the legislative body established by the constitution, (3) subsidiary legislation (bylaws) made by person or bodies authorized by the primary legislation to do so, (4) customs applied by the courts on the basis of traditional practices, and (5) principles or practices of civil, common, Roman, or other code of law.	rel:definition	1
mxn tiie banxico	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the MXN-TIIE-Banxico	rel:definition	1
transaction event	any sale, assignment, lease, license, loan, advance, contribution, or other transfer of any interest in or right to use any property (tangible or intangible) or money, however that transaction is effected, and regardless of whether the terms of the transaction are formally documented	rel:definition	1
not for profit organization	an organization that uses its surplus revenues to further achieve its purpose or mission, rather than distributing its surplus income to the organization's owners (directors, investors, or equivalents) as profit or dividends	rel:definition	1
employed population	a subset of the civilian labor force considered to be employed during the reporting period	rel:definition	1
try semi annual swap rate tradition reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TRY-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
contractual product	a product that is realized as a contract	rel:definition	1
publisher	a party responsible for the printing or distribution of digital or printed information	rel:definition	1
formally constituted organization member	A member of some formally constituted organization.	rel:definition	1
de facto control	control that is understood, due to condition or situation treated as standard or official, even if not explicitly stated (or actually standardized)	rel:definition	1
limited partner	A partner in a partnership whose liabilities are limited to the extent of their equity holding or guarantees	rel:definition	1
relative price	a relative price with respect to either a stated or market value for a debt instrument at some point in time, defined as par, premium, or discount	rel:definition	1
issuer identification number	a numbering system that allows a credit, debit, or other card to be identified as having been issued by a particular financial institution	rel:definition	1
interbank rate authority	an interest rate authority responsible for setting the interbank rate	rel:definition	1
business registration authority	a registration authority that is responsible for maintaining a registry of business entities	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap eurex lch icap bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-3M EURIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
twd taibor reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TWD-TAIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
lifecycle event occurrence	a realization of an event in a stage of a lifecycle	rel:definition	1
skk bribor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SKK-BRIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
company law	Legislation under which the formation, registration or incorporation, governance, and dissolution of a firm is administered and controlled.	rel:definition	1
usd cms reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-CMS-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
lifecycle stage occurrence	a realization of a phase in a given lifecycle	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap eurex lch icap bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-6M EURIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
scheme	a structure or means of organizing information such as a schema, numbering system, organization scheme, measurement system, taxonomy, or language for organizing information	rel:definition	1
fixed basket	a basket of goods and services whose quantity and quality are held fixed for some period of time	rel:definition	1
equity based de jure control	De Jure controlling interest in an entity which is based on the holding of some form of equity in that entity.	rel:definition	1
identifier	sequence of characters, capable of uniquely identifying that with which it is associated, within a specified context	rel:definition	1
krw bond	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the KRW-Bond-3222	rel:definition	1
usd sibor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-SIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
national securities identifying number registry	a registry used by a national numbering agency to manage the financial instrument identifiers and related information that it registers	rel:definition	1
occurrence kind	An OccurrenceKind is a type of event, which has a description. An OccurrenceKind may or may not ever happen, and thus does not have a Date. An OccurrenceKind happens as an Occurrence, which does have a Date.	rel:definition	1
sole controlling party	an individual entity that directs the affairs of some formal business organization	rel:definition	1
nzd bbr reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the NZD-BBR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
chf annual swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-Annual Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
grd athimid reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GRD-ATHIMID-Reuters	rel:definition	1
financial product	a product provided to consumers and businesses by financial institutions such as banks, insurance companies, brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, and investment companies all of which comprise the financial services industry	rel:definition	1
contract party	a party to the contract, that is a contractually capable person or organization which is a signatory to the contract, and which grants or concedes certain rights and obligations as defined in the contract	rel:definition	1
sek annual swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SEK-Annual Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
exchange identifier	an identifier allocated to a securities exchange	rel:definition	1
group	a collection of autonomous entities	rel:definition	1
limited partner equity	equity in a partnership held by limited partners; this is not accompanied by any liability capability on the part of the holders of this equity.	rel:definition	1
sgd sor vwap reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-SOR-VWAP-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
contractual control	Control vested in an entity by virtue of the terms in some contract between that entity and others.	rel:definition	1
tribal area	a designation for an area of land managed by a group of indigenous people (tribe) rather than by the sovereign state or regional governmental entity in which the tribal area is geographically located	rel:definition	1
network location	A network address is location in a telecommunications network that may be identified by a network address (an identifier for a node or interface)	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm all banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TIBOR-TIBM (All Banks)	rel:definition	1
jpy tsr reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TSR-Reuters-15:00	rel:definition	1
calculated price	a monetary price determined by a formula	rel:definition	1
monetary amount	the measure which is an amount of money specified in monetary units	rel:definition	1
twd quarterly annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TWD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
equity apportionment terms set	Terms setting out the apportionment of equity in some formal business organization.	rel:definition	1
recurrence interval	a time interval that is consistent between elements of a regular schedule	rel:definition	1
jpy libor frasett	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-LIBOR-FRASETT	rel:definition	1
jpy annual swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
body limited by guarantee principals agreement	The formal agreement between the principals of a body limited by guarantee.	rel:definition	1
legal construct	something which is conferred by way of law or contract, such as a right	rel:definition	1
gbp libor bba	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
instrumentality	an organization that serves a public purpose and is closely tied to a government, but is not a government agency	rel:definition	1
regulatory report	a report required to support operational transparency that demonstrates compliance with some specification, law, policy, restriction, or other rule specified by a regulatory agency	rel:definition	1
duration	an interval of time of some specific length	rel:definition	1
consumer expenditure survey	a program conducted on a regular basis that provides information on the buying habits of consumers, including data on their expenditures, income, and consumer unit (families and single consumers) characteristics	rel:definition	1
average earnings	a measure of the average wage an hourly or salaried worker makes in a given period of time	rel:definition	1
national securities identifying number registry entry	an entry in a National Securities Identifying Number registry	rel:definition	1
corporate officer	The executives of a corporation charged with certain operational responsibilities. Typically appointed by the board of directors, the corporate officers usually include the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Financial Officer (CFO), President, and in some corporations the Chief Operating Officer.	rel:definition	1
try annual swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TRY Annual Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
controlling interest party	Some party which holds some form of controlling interest in some other party in some context.	rel:definition	1
gbp libor bba bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
asset	A thing held by some party and having some value.	rel:definition	1
brokerage firm	a firm in the business of buying and selling securities, operating as both a broker and a dealer, depending on the transaction	rel:definition	1
eur libor bba	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
usd cms reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-CMS-Reuters	rel:definition	1
partnership with natural person limited partners	a partnership with limited partners (partners whose liability is limited) and where those partners are necessarily natural persons (i.e. cannot be corporates)	rel:definition	1
rub mosprime reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the RUB-MOSPRIME-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
portfolio holding	the contents of holding of one or more portfolios of investments held by an individual investor or entity	rel:definition	1
gross domestic product	an economic indicator representing the broadest measure of aggregate economic activity, measuring the total unduplicated market value of all final goods and services produced within a statistical area in a period	rel:definition	1
national bank	a commercial bank whose charter is approved by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) rather than by a state banking department	rel:definition	1
tribal government	a government representing a group of indigenous people that has legal authority to govern those people, including authority to legislate the existance of tribal entities	rel:definition	1
usd tbill secondary market	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-TBILL-Secondary Market	rel:definition	1
php semi annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the PHP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
local operating unit	a registration authority that issues legal entity identifiers and is authorized by the Global LEI Foundation to do so	rel:definition	1
grd athibor athibor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GRD-ATHIBOR-ATHIBOR	rel:definition	1
current population survey	a survey conducted on a regular basis that presents analytical information related to the general population of a given statistical area with respect to labor force, employment, unemployment, persons not in the labor force, hours of work, earnings, and other demographic and labor force characteristics	rel:definition	1
signatory	Some agent who has the capacity to sign contracts on the part of some legal person	rel:definition	1
debt offering	an offering of one or more debt instruments for sale	rel:definition	1
pln wibor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the PLN-WIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
mutual agreement	an agreement between two or more specific named parties. The rights and obligations pertaining to either party cannot be transferred to another party without prior agreement	rel:definition	1
usd libor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-6M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
cl clicp bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CL-CLICP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
labor productivity gross output	a ratio of a quantity index of gross output to a quantity index of labor input	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate tradition reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
usd libor swap cme lch icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-6M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
legal entity	a partnership, corporation, or other organization having the capacity to negotiate contracts, assume financial obligations, and pay off debts, organized under the laws of some jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
fdic registry entry	an entry in the FDIC institution directory, a repository of financial institution characteristics collected by the FDIC related to the institutions they insure	rel:definition	1
uri	A uniform resource identifier (URI) is a string of characters used to identify a name or a web resource.	rel:definition	1
commodity	a basic good used in commerce that is interchangeable with other commodities of the same type	rel:definition	1
repofunds rate italy ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the REPOFUNDS RATE-ITALY-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
usd cms reference banks icap swap px	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-CMS-Reference Banks-ICAP SwapPX	rel:definition	1
dkk cibor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the DKK-CIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
government official	a person elected or appointed to administer some aspect of a government	rel:definition	1
jpy tsr reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TSR-Reuters-10:00	rel:definition	1
cashflow terms	terms setting out a cashflow structure of payments committed to by one party to a contract	rel:definition	1
debt	an obligation to pay something, such as an amount of money, good, service, or instrument	rel:definition	1
pln polonia ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the PLN-POLONIA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
influence based de facto controlling party	A party which exercises some influence and control over the entity other than by means of investment.	rel:definition	1
krw quarterly annual swap rate icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the KRW-Quarterly Annual Swap Rate-3:30-ICAP	rel:definition	1
thb thbfix reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the THB-THBFIX-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
client	a party that purchases professional services from, or has a formal relationship to purchase services from another party	rel:definition	1
central counterparty clearing house	a clearing house that helps facilitate trading in derivatives and equities markets	rel:definition	1
common law jurisdiction	a jurisdiction based on common law	rel:definition	1
nok nibor nibr reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the NOK-NIBOR-NIBR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
canadian consumer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of changes over time in the prices of a fixed basket of consumer goods and services that Canadian private households consume	rel:definition	1
usd cd	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-CD-H.15	rel:definition	1
cad repo corra	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-REPO-CORRA	rel:definition	1
time instant	a temporal entity that is a member of a time scale, with no extent or duration	rel:definition	1
common law system	common law, also known as case law or precedent, is law developed by judges through decisions of courts and similar tribunals	rel:definition	1
input producer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the rate of change over time in the prices of inputs of goods and services purchased by the producer	rel:definition	1
instrument pool	a pool consisting of financial instruments that may be included in the same investment vehicle	rel:definition	1
scheduled calculation period end event	the end date of a specific calculation period	rel:definition	1
jpy annual swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-Annual Swap Rate-3:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
savings and loan holding company	a company that directly or indirectly controls a savings association or another savings and loan holding company, and explicitly excludes any company that is also a bank holding company	rel:definition	1
usd ois lon icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-OIS-11:00-LON-ICAP	rel:definition	1
registered address	a physical address used by an entity for registration purposes and where legal papers may be served	rel:definition	1
seller	a party that makes, offers or contracts to make a sale to an actual or potential buyer	rel:definition	1
usd federal funds ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Federal Funds-H.15-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
registered agent	a legal agent designated by another party (person or organization), to represent and acts on their behalf under a formal agency agreement	rel:definition	1
make whole feature	a call provision allowing the issuer to pay off remaining debt early	rel:definition	1
accrual	the process of accumulating interest or other income that has been earned but not paid	rel:definition	1
inflation rate	an economic indicator representing a change in prices of goods and services for a specified period, for a given statistical area	rel:definition	1
aud aonia ois compound swap marker	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-AONIA-OIS-COMPOUND-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
non binding terms	contractual commitments that do not have binding legal standing on the issuer or holder	rel:definition	1
ownership and control	The intersection of ownership and control reflects the unique case where an independent party both owns and controls another independent thing.	rel:definition	1
base rate authority	an interest rate authority responsible for setting the base rate for a given currency, typically a central bank	rel:definition	1
statute law	written law (as opposed to oral or customary law) set down by a legislature or by a legislator (in the case of an absolute monarchy)	rel:definition	1
prospectus	a formal, written offering document to sell securities that provides the facts an investor needs to make an informed investment decision	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-3M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
banking service	a financial service offered by a bank or similar depository institution, such as a cash management service, foreign exchange service, lending or credit service, investment service, insurance service, merchant service, payroll service, etc.	rel:definition	1
security holder	a party that holds a transferable contract (security), and has the rights defined in that contract	rel:definition	1
jpy isda swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate-10:00	rel:definition	1
merchant service	a financial service provided by a financial institution to a merchant or other business, including but not limited to managing financial transactions via a secure channel	rel:definition	1
global ultimate parent	an organization that is recognized as the ultimate parent of the company; this relationship may or may not be present, i.e. in the case of a company that has no parent	rel:definition	1
otc derivative contract	an over-the-counter agreement that is also a derivative instrument	rel:definition	1
aud semi annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
chf tois ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-TOIS-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
swap lifecycle event identifier	an identifier that uniquely identifies a specific event in the lifecycle of a swap	rel:definition	1
exempt offering	a public offering involving securities that are exempt from certain regulatory reporting requirements, either because the issuer is exempt or the transaction specific to the offering is exempt	rel:definition	1
currency spot mid rate	an indicative middle market (mean of spot buying and selling) rate as observed by the reporting source	rel:definition	1
nic registry entry	an entry in the the National Information Center (NIC) repository, a repository of financial data and institution characteristics collected by the Federal Reserve System	rel:definition	1
blue sky law	a kind of securities regulation passed by various states, designed to protect investors against securities fraud by requiring sellers of new issues to register their offerings and provide financial details	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TIBOR-17096	rel:definition	1
quantity kind	a categorization type for quantity that characterizes quantities as being mutually comparable	rel:definition	1
government minister	a person appointed or elected to a high office in the government	rel:definition	1
explicit date	a date in which the 'hasDateValue' property is required	rel:definition	1
business entity	an entity that is formed and administered as per commercial law in order to engage in business activities	rel:definition	1
face amount certificate company	an investment company which is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of issuing face-amount certificates of the installment type, or which has been engaged in such business and has any such certificate outstanding	rel:definition	1
state chartered bank	a commercial bank whose charter is approved by a state banking department	rel:definition	1
foreign exchange service	a financial service involving the exchange of one currency for another, conversion of one currency for another, and transfer of money from one country to another whereby currency conversion is required	rel:definition	1
skk bribor nbsk	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SKK-BRIBOR-NBSK07	rel:definition	1
legal person	any entity which can incur legal obligation and can be sued at law	rel:definition	1
statistical measure	A summary (means, mode, total, index, etc.) of the individual quantitative variable values for the statistical units in a specific group (study domains).	rel:definition	1
nzd swap rate icap reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the NZD-Swap Rate-ICAP-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
partnership agreement	a document setting up a partnership, giving the details of the business and the amount each partner is contributing to it.	rel:definition	1
otc product	an over-the-counter derivative, made up of one or more transactions, with a corresponding contract or contracts	rel:definition	1
partner	a member of a partnership	rel:definition	1
publication	anything made public by print (such as a newspaper, magazine, pamphlet, letter, telegram, via computer modem or program, or in a poster, brochure or pamphlet), orally, or by broadcast (radio, television)	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
eur euribor act	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-EURIBOR-Act/365	rel:definition	1
swap lifecycle event	an event that occurs during the lifecycle of a swap, where the overall set of events includes those specific to the issuer, front office, middle office, and/or back office processes	rel:definition	1
federal government	a union of states under a central government distinct from the individual governments of the separate states	rel:definition	1
statistical program	a publication program that presents a detailed investigation and analysis of a subject or situation involving one or more studies or surveys	rel:definition	1
price structure	a structured collection of quoted prices, such as market prices for some index or security, such that volatility may be constructed for the structure	rel:definition	1
major swap participant	a financial service provider that maintains a substantial position in swaps for any of the major swap categories, excluding positions held for hedging or mitigating commercial risk and positions maintained by an employee benefit plan for the primary purpose of hedging or mitigating any risk directly associated with the operation of the plan	rel:definition	1
bank holding company	any company that owns and/or has direct or indirect control of one or more banks; BHCs may also own nonbanking subsidiaries such as broker-dealers and asset managers	rel:definition	1
regional government	an administrative body for a small geographic area, such as a county, smaller town, or other similar community	rel:definition	1
customer identifier	an identifier for a customer	rel:definition	1
pln wibor wibo	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the PLN-WIBOR-WIBO	rel:definition	1
offeror	a party that proposes to make something available to someone (i.e., an offeree) based on the terms of the offering	rel:definition	1
de jure controlling interest	controlling interest that is formalized by some formal legal construct	rel:definition	1
government issued license	grant of permission needed to legally perform some task, provide some service, exercise a certain privilege, or pursue some business or occupation	rel:definition	1
notional step percentage amount	the percentage amount by which the notional changes on each step date	rel:definition	1
structured collection	a collection that has a clearly defined structure or organization	rel:definition	1
jurisdiction	the limits or territory within which authority may be exercised; the power, right, or authority to interpret and apply the law	rel:definition	1
listed security identifier	a security identifier issued in the public domain and referred to in listings and other relevant publications	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm all banks bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TIBOR-TIBM (All Banks)-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
aud semi annual swap rate bgcantor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-BGCANTOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
influence based de facto control	Some influence and control over some entity other than by means of investment in that entity.	rel:definition	1
gbp libor isda	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-LIBOR-ISDA	rel:definition	1
cad tbill reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-TBILL-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
financial intermediation service	any financial service in which a third party (the intermediary) matches lenders and investors with entrepreneurs and other borrowers in need of capital	rel:definition	1
ad hoc schedule	a schedule that consists of (comprises) AdHocScheduleEntries, each of which specifies a date	rel:definition	1
interbank offered rate	an interbank rate that is the interest rate at which participating banks lend money	rel:definition	1
fixed float single currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap in which fixed interest payments on the notional are exchanged for floating interest payments and where both payment streams are expressed in terms of the same currency	rel:definition	1
productivity	an economic indicator representing a ratio of a volume measure of output to a volume measure of input use	rel:definition	1
derivatives clearing organization	an entity that enables each party to an agreement, contract, or transaction to substitute, through novation or otherwise, the credit of the DCO for the credit of the parties; arranges or provides, on a multilateral basis, for the settlement or netting of obligations; or otherwise provides clearing services or arrangements that mutualize or transfer credit risk among participants	rel:definition	1
industry sector classification scheme	a system for allocating classifiers to organizations by industry sector	rel:definition	1
formally constituted organization	Any organization with some formal contractual agreement among its principals	rel:definition	1
supranational entity	a type of multinational political union where negotiated power is delegated to an authority by governments of member states	rel:definition	1
mutual savings bank	a financial institution that accepts deposits primarily from individuals and places a large portion of its funds into mortgage loans	rel:definition	1
swap terms	the legal contractual terms of a swap transaction	rel:definition	1
statistical area identifier	an identifier for a physical location that is defined per a nationally consistent program for designating geographic regions for the purposes of tabulating and presenting statistical data	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor hkab bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-HIBOR-HKAB-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
contractual element	general and special arrangements, provisions, requirements, rules, specifications, and standards that form an integral part of an agreement or contract	rel:definition	1
legal entity identifier registry entry	an entry in a legal entity identifier registry that conforms to ISO 17442 and the Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF) Common Data Format (CDF)	rel:definition	1
option	a contract that grants to the holder either the privilege to purchase or the privilege to sell the assets specified at a predetermined price or formula at or within a time in the future	rel:definition	1
contractually capable entity	A unique entity that is legally or financially responsible for the performance of financial transactions, or has the legal right in its jurisdiction to enter independently into legal contracts, regardless of whether it is incorporated or constituted in some other way (e.g. trust, partnership, contractual). This excludes natural persons, but includes governmental organizations and supranationals.	rel:definition	1
particular quantity	a property that is of an individual thing and is quantifiable as an instance of some quantity kind	rel:definition	1
constitutional de jure control	Control which is based in some instrument which has constitutional standing (is constitutive of the entity) such as voting shares, general partner equity etc.	rel:definition	1
london interbank offered rate	a benchmark interbank offered rate that the most creditworthy international banks charge each other for large, short-term loans	rel:definition	1
value added producer price index	an economic indicator representing a weighted average of the input and output producer price indices	rel:definition	1
securities offering	an offering of a security (or securities) for sale	rel:definition	1
regulated commodity	a commodity under the jurisdiction of the regulatory agency, such as the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTF), which includes any commodity traded in an organized contracts market	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00	rel:definition	1
futures commission merchant	an individual or organization that which does both of the following: (1) solicits or accepts orders to buy or sell futures contracts, options on futures, retail off-exchange forex contracts, or swaps and (2) accepts money or other assets from customers to support such orders	rel:definition	1
eur isda euribor swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00	rel:definition	1
functional entity	any independent party (i.e., person, business entity, governmental entity, or other organization) defined in terms of its function	rel:definition	1
controlled thing	thing over which some party exercises some form of control in some context	rel:definition	1
organization covering agreement	A formal agreement between the principals in a formal organization which covers the relationship between the principals, and between the principals and the entity.	rel:definition	1
payroll service	a financial service, typically provided to small businesses that are not large enough to have an internal finance organization, that involves managing payment of wages to employees	rel:definition	1
chf isdafix swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-ISDAFIX-Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
nzd semi annual swap rate bgcantor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the NZD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-BGCANTOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
informal organization	An organization which is not formally constituted in some way.	rel:definition	1
fixed float cross currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap in which fixed interest payments on the notional are exchanged for floating interest payments and the two streams of interest payments are in different currencies	rel:definition	1
listed security	a registered security listed on a specific exchange	rel:definition	1
usd ois bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-OIS-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
family office	a family office as defined in the relevant legislation	rel:definition	1
usd overnight bank funding rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Overnight Bank Funding Rate	rel:definition	1
cad libor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
basis points	A basis point is a unit equal to one hundredth of a percentage point, or one part per ten thousand, 1/10000.	rel:definition	1
gbp sonia ois tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-SONIA-OIS-4:15-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
huf bubor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HUF-BUBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
equity instrument	a financial instrument representing an ownership interest in an entity or pool of assets	rel:definition	1
underwriter	any person who has purchased from an issuer with a view to, or sells for an issuer in connection with, the distribution of any security, or participates or has a direct or indirect participation in any such undertaking, or participates or has a participation in the direct or indirect underwriting of any such undertaking; but such term shall not include a person whose interest is limited to a commission from an underwriter or dealer not in excess of the usual and customary distributor's or seller's commission	rel:definition	1
non european economic area branch	a branch of a credit institution whose Head Office is in a third country	rel:definition	1
body incorporated through agreement	A body with legal personhood, incorporated through some agreement among the principals, and without equity or guarantee instruments which would isolate the principals from liability.	rel:definition	1
market identifier	identifier or code allocated to places of trade, i.e., stock exchanges, regulated markets, e.g., Electronic Trading Platforms (ECN), and unregulated markets, e.g., Automated Trading Systems (ATS)	rel:definition	1
aud aonia ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-AONIA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
issuer	any party who issues (or proposes to issue, in a formal filing) any financial instrument, where a party can be a natural person, company, government, or political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality of a government	rel:definition	1
usd municipal swap rate icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Municipal Swap Rate-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
usd libor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-3M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
securities regulation	a regulation codified in law specific to securities and investments	rel:definition	1
power of attorney	Written legal authority given by one party (the principal) to another (the agent or attorney-in-fact) to act on the principals behalf. It may be a (1) General power Of attorney that authorizes the agent to act generally on behalf of the principal, or (2) Special power of attorney that is limited to a specific act or situation. Decisions made and actions taken by an attorney in fact (within the scope of his or her authority) are legally binding on the principal. A power of attorney can remain in force only so long as the principal is alive and does not become disabled or incapacitated. Although it is often conferred on the principals attorney, one does not need to be an attorney at law to be an attorney-in-fact.	rel:definition	1
eur libor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
capital productivity value added	a ratio of a quantity index of value added to a quantity index of capital input	rel:definition	1
underlier	the financial instrument(s), index or parameter, or combination thereof, that form the basis for the derivative instrument	rel:definition	1
fixed float interest rate swap	an interest rate swap in which fixed interest payments on the notional are exchanged for floating interest payments	rel:definition	1
eur libor bba bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
us bank holding company	a bank holding company that is licensed to conduct business in the United States and is regulated and supervised by the Federal Reserve in accordance with the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956	rel:definition	1
security identification scheme	a formal definition of the structure and application of a particular set of securities identifiers	rel:definition	1
zar jibar reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the ZAR-JIBAR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
myr quarterly swap rate tradition reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the MYR-Quarterly Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
derivative instrument	a financial instrument that confers on its holders certain rights or obligations, whose value is derived from one or more underlying assets	rel:definition	1
funds	monetary resources associated with a currency	rel:definition	1
swap stream interest rate reset schedule	parametric schedule of reset dates	rel:definition	1
otc transaction confirmation	a formal confirmation document that codifies the terms and conditions of the transaction between the parties	rel:definition	1
cny repo compounding date	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CNY 7-Repo Compounding Date	rel:definition	1
negotiable commodity	a commodity that can be bought or sold in some marketplace	rel:definition	1
date period	a time span over one or more calendar days, defined by at least two of three properties: (1) a start date, (2) an end date, and (3) a date period (duration); if more than one of these properties is missing, the DatePeriod is invalid	rel:definition	1
gbp libor swap eurex lch icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-6M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
organized trading facility	a multi-lateral system which is not an RM or an MTF and in which multiple third-party buying and selling interests in bonds, structured finance products, emission allowances or derivatives are able to interact in the system in a way that results in a contract in accordance with the provisions of Title II of MiFID II	rel:definition	1
delegated legal authority	institutionalized and legal power inherent in a particular job, function, or position that is meant to enable its holder to successfully carry out his or her responsibilities, where such power has been delegated through some formal means	rel:definition	1
jpy tsr reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TSR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
aud bbr bbsw bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-BBR-BBSW-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
chf annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
cnh hibor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CNH-HIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
parametric schedule	a regular, parameterized schedule typically used for the calculation of payments for coupons, dividends, and interest	rel:definition	1
system of quantities	set of quantities together with a set of non-contradictory equations relating those quantities	rel:definition	1
functional business entity	a business entity defined in terms of its function	rel:definition	1
packaged financial product	a financial product that acts as a container, or wrapper, for one or more financial instruments, including other financial products	rel:definition	1
quoted price	a monetary price quoted by some publisher on a given date	rel:definition	1
periodic scheduled event date	the date on which a schedule event occurs in some parametric schedule	rel:definition	1
market spread	a statistical measure providing the difference (or spread) between two market rates	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate month swap marker	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-Annual Swap Rate-3 Month-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
civilian labor force	a subset of the civilian, non-institutional population considered to be part of the labor force during a given reporting period	rel:definition	1
derivative transaction terms	the contract terms for a derivative transaction, covering payment or delivery by either party to the other	rel:definition	1
occurrence	An Occurrence is a happening of an OccurrenceKind. Each Occurrence has a DateTimeStamp, which identifies when the Occurrence happened, and a Location (possibly virtual), that identifies where the Occurrence happened.	rel:definition	1
schedule	a collection of events or things that will be done and the dates and/or times when they will be done	rel:definition	1
jpy mutancall tonar	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-MUTANCALL-TONAR	rel:definition	1
convention	a widely accepted or established way of doing 'something' within some community of practice	rel:definition	1
thb semi annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the THB-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
measure	an amount or degree of something; the dimensions, capacity, or amount of something ascertained by measuring	rel:definition	1
establishment employment	the total number of persons who work in or for the establishment including working proprietors, active business partners and unpaid family workers, as well as persons working outside the establishment when paid by and under the control of the establishment, for example, sales representatives, outside service engineers and repair and maintenance personnel	rel:definition	1
banking product	a product provided to consumers and businesses by a bank or similar depository institution such as a checking account, savings account, certificate of deposit, debit or pre-paid card, or credit card	rel:definition	1
jpy ltpr mhcb	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-LTPR-MHCB	rel:definition	1
payment schedule	schedule for delivery of money in fulfillment of an obligation, such as a coupon payment schedule, loan payment schedule, interest payment schedule	rel:definition	1
twd taibir	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TWD-TAIBIR02	rel:definition	1
scheduled calculation period start event	the start of a specific calculation period	rel:definition	1
financial instrument	a written contract that gives rise to both a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity	rel:definition	1
holding	real or personal property (assets), including but not limited to financial assets, to which one holds title and of which one has possession	rel:definition	1
call event	an event associated with the call schedule for a debt instrument	rel:definition	1
entity expiration reason enumeration	an enumerated datatype specifying the reason that a legal entity ceased to exist and/or operate as specified in the LEI registry for that entity	rel:definition	1
plz wibor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the PLZ-WIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
institutional investor	an organization that trades large volumes of securities	rel:definition	1
debtor	a party that owes a debt	rel:definition	1
us producer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the change over time in the selling prices received by domestic producers for their output	rel:definition	1
arrangement	an organizing structure for something	rel:definition	1
pooled fund	a pool of funds that a group of investors combines for common benefit	rel:definition	1
research statistics supervision discount identifier	a unique identifier assigned by the Federal Reserve to financial institutions	rel:definition	1
idr sor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the IDR-SOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
basket of indices constituent	a single constituent of a basket of indices	rel:definition	1
trade identifier	an identifier for a trade	rel:definition	1
limited controlling party	Some individual entity which is able to direct the affairs of some business organization to a specific degree.	rel:definition	1
business license	a license that allows the holder to conduct business or carry out a specific profession within some jurisdiction for some period of time	rel:definition	1
sek stibor side	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SEK-STIBOR-SIDE	rel:definition	1
twd twcpba	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TWD-TWCPBA	rel:definition	1
day type selection	a datatype used to characterize a duration as a number of days between two	rel:definition	1
chief financial officer	Senior-most executive responsible for financial control and planning of a firm or project. He or she is in charge of all accounting functions including (1) credit control, (2) preparing budgets and financial statements, (3) coordinating financing and fund raising, (4) monitoring expenditure and liquidity, (5) managing investment and taxation issues, (6) reporting financial performance to the board, and (7) providing timely financial data to the CEO. Also called chief finance officer, comptroller, controller, or finance controller.	rel:definition	1
php phiref bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the PHP-PHIREF-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
cad ba telerate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-BA-Telerate	rel:definition	1
notional financial marketplace	a place which is identified as a financial market but which is not a physical place such as a country or region. This may be a conceptual place such as the Eurobond market or the Global market.	rel:definition	1
postal address	a physical address where postal communications can be addressed, for any kind of organization or person	rel:definition	1
cop ibr ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the COP-IBR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
consumer finance company	a finance company that lends to individuals under the small loans laws of the jurisdiction in which they operate	rel:definition	1
thb sor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the THB-SOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
put window	an explicit period of time prior to a put date during which holder or agent must give notice to an issuer	rel:definition	1
chf libor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
published financial information	published information made available by a financial information publisher	rel:definition	1
litigation capacity	the legal capacity to pursue a litigation action in law	rel:definition	1
international money market australian dollar trading date rule	a trading date rule defined as the last trading day of an Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) 90-Day Bank Accepted Futures and Options product, one Sydney business day preceding the second Friday of the relevant settlement month	rel:definition	1
cad tbill telerate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-TBILL-Telerate	rel:definition	1
ron rbor reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the RON-RBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
proprietary security identification scheme	a security identification scheme published by a data provider or other commercial entity	rel:definition	1
employment situation establishment survey	a survey conducted on a regular basis that presents analytical information related to the labor force of a given statistical area, surveyed with respect to businesses, and is, for the most part, seasonally adjusted	rel:definition	1
jpy ois tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-OIS-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
text	the contents of an ordinary sequential file readable as textual material without much processing	rel:definition	1
myr quarterly swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the MYR-Quarterly Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
put notification provision	a provision of a put feature defining notification requirements	rel:definition	1
aud semi annual swap rate icap reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-ICAP-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
eur tec cno	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-TEC5-CNO	rel:definition	1
inr reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the INR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
voting shareholding company	a formal business organization that holds voting shares in some incorporated company	rel:definition	1
jpy ltpr tbc	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-LTPR-TBC	rel:definition	1
employment population ratio	an economic indicator representing the ratio of the employed population with respect to the overall civilian non-institutional population of a given economy for some specified period	rel:definition	1
sole proprietorship	an unincorporated business owned by a single person	rel:definition	1
rub ruonia ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the RUB-RUONIA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
civilian	a person that is not a member of the military (i.e., that is not on active duty)	rel:definition	1
index	an indirect shortcut derived from and pointing into, a greater volume of values, data, information or knowledge	rel:definition	1
trust agreement	Formal agreement through which a trustor vests the ownership rights (title) to one or more assets to one or more trustees for conservation and protection on behalf of one or more beneficiaries of the trust. It normally states the (1) purpose for which the trust was established and fulfillment of which will terminate the trust, (2) details of the assets placed in the trust, (3) powers and limitations of the trustees, their reporting requirements, and other associated provisions, and (4) may also specify the trustees' compensation, if any. A trust agreement involving real estate requires its exact description and the trustor's express, written consent to create the trust to be valid. A will admitted to probate may also act like a trust agreement.	rel:definition	1
usd libor isda	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-LIBOR-ISDA	rel:definition	1
jpy tona ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TONA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
lei registered entity	a legal person that has registered for and is identified by a legal entity identifier	rel:definition	1
personal consumption expenditures	an economic indicator representing a measure of the value of the goods and services purchased by, or on the behalf of, 'persons'	rel:definition	1
financial service account	an account provided by a financial service provider associated with a specific financial product or service	rel:definition	1
organization identifier	an identifier assigned to an organization within an organization identification scheme, and unique within that scheme	rel:definition	1
goods or services population	a statistical universe consisting of specific goods and/or services designed for the purposes of supporting surveys such as those used as the basis for price indices	rel:definition	1
gbp sonia ois icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-SONIA-OIS-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
mxn tiie banxico reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the MXN-TIIE-Banxico-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
trustor	Entity that establishes a trust and place property under the protection and management of one or more trustees for the immediate or eventual benefit of ascertainable one or more beneficiaries. It is not always necessary to identify the trustor who may be also be a trustee and/or one of the beneficiaries. In legal parlance, a trustor is called a settlor in the UK and a grantor in the US, whereas in common usage he or she may also be called a creator, donor, initiator, owner, or Trust maker.	rel:definition	1
code set	A system of valid symbols that substitute for specified values, e.g., alpha, numeric, symbols and/or combinations	rel:definition	1
average daily earnings	a measure of the average daily wage an employee makes over the reporting period	rel:definition	1
eur tec cno swap marker	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-TEC5-CNO-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
management company	Any investment company that sells and manages a portfolio of securities other than a face-amount certificate company or unit investment fund.	rel:definition	1
zar jibar safex	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the ZAR-JIBAR-SAFEX	rel:definition	1
extension provision	contract terms that specify the conditions under which a contract can be extended	rel:definition	1
calculation period length	an explicit duration defined as the number of days from the adjusted effective or start date to the adjusted termination or end date calculated in accordance with the applicable day count fraction	rel:definition	1
gbp wmba ronia compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-WMBA-RONIA-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
managed interest rate	a variable interest rate charged by a financial institution for borrowing that is not prescribed as a margin over base rate but is set from time to time by the institution	rel:definition	1
savings association	A savings association is defined as: (a) any Federal savings association, where a Federal savings association means any Federal savings association or Federal savings bank which is chartered under section 1464 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act; (b) any State savings association, where a State savings association means any building and loan association, savings and loan association, or homestead association; or any cooperative bank (other than a cooperative bank which is a State bank as defined in subsection (a)(2)) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, which is organized and operating according to the laws of the State (as defined in subsection (a)(3)) in which it is chartered or organized; and (c) any corporation (other than a bank) that the Board of Directors and the Comptroller of the Currency jointly determine to be operating in substantially the same manner as a savings association.	rel:definition	1
supplier	a party that supplies goods or services	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap cme lch icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-6M EURIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
ils telbor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the ILS-TELBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
collection	a grouping of some variable number of things (may be zero) that have some shared significance	rel:definition	1
nzd semi annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the NZD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
price	an amount of money, goods, or services requested, expected, required, or given in exchange for something else	rel:definition	1
cad isda swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-ISDA-Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
eur euronia ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-EURONIA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
court appointed control	Control conferred on some entity by act of some court, for example in the context of receivership.	rel:definition	1
try annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TRY-Annual Swap Rate-11:15-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
notional step amount	the amount of money which is removed from the notional on each step date	rel:definition	1
cny shibor ois compounding	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CNY-Shibor-OIS-Compounding	rel:definition	1
national securities identifying number	a generic, nine-digit alpha numeric code which identifies a fungible security, assigned by a national numbering agency under the ISO 6166 standard	rel:definition	1
dkk cibor dkna bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the DKK-CIBOR-DKNA13-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
numeric index	the change in some aggregate relative to the value of the aggregate at a reference period	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
cny pbocb reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CNY-PBOCB-Reuters	rel:definition	1
dealer	any party that purchases goods or services for resale and acts on their own behalf in a transaction	rel:definition	1
idr idma bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the IDR-IDMA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
board agreement	a formal, legally binding agreement between members of the Board of Directors of the organization	rel:definition	1
thing in role	A thing-in-role is a relative concept that ties some thing to a role it plays in a given situational context.	rel:definition	1
fixed rate interest calculation	calculation of the amount of interest due in a given period on a fixed rate IR swap leg	rel:definition	1
agreement corporation	a corporation chartered by a state to engage in international banking, so named because the corporation enters into an 'agreement' with the Fed's Board of Governors that it will limit its activities to those permitted	rel:definition	1
commercial activity	the context of carrying out trade and other commercial, i.e., for-profit activities	rel:definition	1
chf annual swap rate icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
federal reserve district identifier	an identifier associated with a Federal Reserve district	rel:definition	1
gbp sonia ois tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-SONIA-OIS-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
usd municipal swap libor ratio icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Municipal Swap Libor Ratio-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
usd prime	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Prime-H.15	rel:definition	1
general partner equity	Equity in a partnership held by general partners; this is typically accompanied by full liability capability on the part of the holders of the equity.	rel:definition	1
usd ba	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-BA-H.15	rel:definition	1
rate based derivative instrument	a derivative instrument whose underlier is a non-physical observable rate	rel:definition	1
repofunds rate germany ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the REPOFUNDS RATE-GERMANY-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
off the shelf product	a product that is readily available from merchandise in stock, or can be quickly and easily configured to order, not specially designed or custom-made	rel:definition	1
idr idrfix	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the IDR-IDRFIX	rel:definition	1
zar quarterly swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the ZAR-Quarterly Swap Rate-5:30-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
international money market canadian dollar trading date rule	a trading date rule defined as the last trading day / expiration day of the Canadian Derivatives Exchange (Bourse do Montreal Inc.), three month Bankers' Acceptance Futures (Ticker symbol BAX), the second London banking day prior to the third Wednesday of the contract month	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
clearing corporation	a clearing house that is organized as a corporation	rel:definition	1
usd cmt	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-CMT-T7052	rel:definition	1
deliver cash	commitment to deliver cash at the earliest available date as per settlement convention	rel:definition	1
twd taibir	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TWD-TAIBIR01	rel:definition	1
retained earnings	the portion of net income which is retained by the corporation rather than distributed to its owners as dividends	rel:definition	1
non executive board member	Some person performing the role of a Board Member of a company, and having no executive responsibilities towards the running of the company.	rel:definition	1
savings and loan association	a financial institution that accepts deposits primarily from individuals and channels its funds primarily into residential mortgage loans	rel:definition	1
insurance company	a non-depository institution whose primary and predominant business activity is the writing of insurance or the reinsuring of risks underwritten by insurance companies, and that provides compensation based on the happening of one or more contingencies	rel:definition	1
contractual template product	a contractual product that is finalized through specification of values for parameters defined in a template	rel:definition	1
sgd sor vwap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-SOR-VWAP	rel:definition	1
financial service provider	a functional entity either licensed to provide financial services to consumers and/or businesses or established by law to provide financial services, such as a central bank	rel:definition	1
credit institution	an undertaking the business of which is to take deposits or other repayable funds from the public and to grant credits for its own account, and to which authorisation has been granted to operate within the European Union and European Economic Area countries (EEA)	rel:definition	1
document	something tangible that records something, such as a recording or a photograph, or a writing that can be used to furnish evidence or information	rel:definition	1
jpy libor isda	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-LIBOR-ISDA	rel:definition	1
priority level	the level of priority that guaranty has in the context of the contract, for example for a credit enhancement priority	rel:definition	1
registry entry	an entry in a registry that specifies something about the thing that is registered	rel:definition	1
private placement memorandum	a legal document stating the objectives, risks and terms of investment involved with a private placement	rel:definition	1
principal underwriter	Principal underwriter of or for any investment company other than a closed-end company, or of any security issued by such a company, means any underwriter who as principal purchases from such company, or pursuant to contract has the right (whether absolute or conditional) from time to time to purchase from such company, any such security for distribution, or who as agent for such company sells or has the right to sell any such security to a dealer or to the public or both, but does not include a dealer who purchases from such company through a principal underwriter acting as agent for such company. Principal underwriter of or for a closed-end company or any issuer which is not an investment company, or of any security issued by such a company or issuer, means any underwriter who, in connection with a primary distribution of securities, (a) is in privity of contract with the issuer or an affiliated person of the issuer; (b) acting alone or in concert with one or more other persons, initiates or directs the formation of an underwriting syndicate; or (c) is allowed a rate of gross commission, spread, or other profit greater than the rate allowed another underwriter participating in the distribution.	rel:definition	1
point of purchase survey	a program conducted on a regular basis that provides information on purchases of various items and services by consumers	rel:definition	1
gbp libor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-6M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
fx spot volatility	a measure of exchange rate fluctuation	rel:definition	1
enterprise population	a statistical universe consisting of enterprises designed for the purposes of supporting surveys such as those used as the basis for employment and producer price indices	rel:definition	1
employment situation household survey	a survey conducted on a regular basis that presents analytical information related to the labor force of a given statistical area, surveyed with respect to households, and is, for the most part, seasonally adjusted	rel:definition	1
classifier	a standardized classification or delineation for something, per some scheme for such delineation, within a specified context	rel:definition	1
fixed interest rate leg	a swap stream that specifies fixed interest amounts and terms for the payment of that interest	rel:definition	1
commodity trading advisor	an individual or organization that directly or indirectly advises others as to the value or advisability of buying or selling futures contracts or options	rel:definition	1
jpy ois icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-OIS-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
usd cof fhlbsf	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-COF11-FHLBSF	rel:definition	1
cash instrument	a financial instrument whose value is ascertained directly by markets and that can be converted into cash quickly with minimal impact on the price received	rel:definition	1
liability apportionment terms set	Terms setting out the apportionment of liabilities for debts or other liabilities accrued by some formal business organization.	rel:definition	1
producer	the manufacturer of a product, also called maker	rel:definition	1
interbank mid rate	an interbank rate that represents the mid-point between bid and offer rates	rel:definition	1
lender	a party that extends credit or money to a borrower with the expectation of being repaid, usually with interest	rel:definition	1
autonomous agent	An agent is an autonomous individual that can adapt to and interact with its environment.	rel:definition	1
broker	any party that acts as an intermediary between a buyer and a seller, usually charging a commission	rel:definition	1
goal	a desired result that a person, organization or system envisions or plans, or to which it commits, in order to achieve a desired state	rel:definition	1
board member	a person who is a member of the board of directors of a corporation	rel:definition	1
business	An organization or economic system where goods and services are exchanged for one another or for money. Every business requires some form of investment and enough customers to whom its output can be sold on a consistent basis in order to make a profit. Businesses can be privately owned, not-for-profit or state-owned. An example of a corporate business is PepsiCo, while a mom-and-pop catering business is a private enterprise.	rel:definition	1
trading date rule	a rule for dates defined with reference to some trading date calendar published by some trading facility or authority, such as a stock exchange	rel:definition	1
total owner	Entity having 100 percent ownership in the entity so owned.	rel:definition	1
enterprise	a functional business entity that produces and/or sells goods or services	rel:definition	1
currency instrument	a financial instrument used for the purposes of currency trading	rel:definition	1
international electronic funds transfer service	an electronic funds transfer (EFT) service involving the transfer of funds across national borders, that may also involve currency conversion	rel:definition	1
capital labor energy materials multifactor productivity	a ratio of a quantity index of gross output to a quantity index of combined inputs	rel:definition	1
loan or credit account	an account associated with a service in which the account holder receives funds from the account provider under certain terms and conditions for repayment	rel:definition	1
percentage value	the value of a percentage expressed as a number or ratio as a fraction of 100	rel:definition	1
credit union	a cooperative association organized for the purpose of promoting thrift among its members and creating a source of credit for provident or productive purposes	rel:definition	1
credit union	a not-for-profit financial institution, typically formed by the employees of a company, labor union, or religious group, operated as a cooperative association organized for the purpose of promoting thrift among its members and creating a source of credit for provident or productive purposes	rel:definition	1
reporting party	a party providing a report, typically in response to some contractual, legal, regulatory or other business requirement	rel:definition	1
czk pribor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CZK-PRIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
civil law jurisdiction	a civil law jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
mutual contractual agreement	a contract between two or more specific named parties; the rights and obligations pertaining to either party cannot be transferred to another party without prior written permission or a change to the contract itself	rel:definition	1
expression	a finite combination of symbols that are well-formed according to applicable rules	rel:definition	1
controlling interest option holder	A party which holds some option which may be exercised to confer on that party some de jure controlling interest at some time in the future and at the discretion of that holder.	rel:definition	1
collateral	an asset offered as security, pledged as an inducement to another party, to lend money, extend credit, or provision securities	rel:definition	1
commitment at large	a commitment made by some party without direct involvement from the potential beneficiaries of that commitment	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-Semi Annual Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
day of month	a business recurrence interval that indicates a specific, recurring day of the month	rel:definition	1
twd quarterly annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TWD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
inr bmk	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the INR-BMK	rel:definition	1
firm commitment offering	a securities offering whereby the underwriter purchases the securities outright for their own account	rel:definition	1
contractual restriction	contract terms setting out restrictions on either the holder or the issuer of the security, as specified in the terms of the instrument itself	rel:definition	1
unique swap identifier	a unique swap identifier (USI) is an identifier for a swap transaction, that is the CFTC term or Unique Trade Identifier (UTI) which is the term used more globally is an identifier on the transaction level that stays unique throughout the life of a trade	rel:definition	1
grd athibor telerate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GRD-ATHIBOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
product identifier	an identifier for a product	rel:definition	1
written contract	a formal contract that is written and signed by the parties thereto	rel:definition	1
tribal entity	a legal entity that represents fundamental unit of sovereign tribal (indigenous) government	rel:definition	1
jpy usd basis swaps icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY USD-Basis Swaps-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
limited de facto control	The ability to direct the affairs of some entity within prescribed limits. Those limits are described in terms of activities which the entity holding such control may cause the controlled entity to carry out.	rel:definition	1
addressing scheme	a system for allocating addresses to objects	rel:definition	1
derivative contract party	a party to a derivative instrument	rel:definition	1
unilateral contract	a contract in which only one party makes an express promise, or undertakes a performance without first securing a reciprocal agreement from the other party	rel:definition	1
municipal government	the government of a municipality	rel:definition	1
equity	the value of an ownership interest in property, including shareholders equity in a business	rel:definition	1
entity controlling party	Some party which is able to direct the activities of some business entity.	rel:definition	1
gbp libor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
non incorporated partnership	a partnership in which the partners are jointly and severally liable for liabilities incurred by the entity	rel:definition	1
national government	a government and the politicians that that run a country as a whole (as opposed to local government)	rel:definition	1
eur euribor basis swap icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR EURIBOR-Basis Swap-3m vs 6m-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
interest rate observable	a rate-based observable that is specifically an interest rate	rel:definition	1
chf libor bba bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
cad corra ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-CORRA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
settlement date rule	a rule for determining dates by reference to some calendar or specification of settlement dates	rel:definition	1
idr sor telerate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the IDR-SOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
usd federal funds reference dealers	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Federal Funds-Reference Dealers	rel:definition	1
examiner	a party appointed by, and who has the capacity to act as an official representative of, a regulatory agency to provide examination, review, and other regulatory services	rel:definition	1
legally incorporated partnership	Any partnership which is defined as a legal person within a given jurisdiction, for example a limited liability partnership (if that is a legal person).	rel:definition	1
mean	the most common measure of central tendency, the average of a set of numbers	rel:definition	1
investment account	an account that provides a record of deposits of funds and/or securities held at a financial institution	rel:definition	1
minor	a person under a certain age, usually the age of majority in a given jurisdiction, which legally demarcates childhood from adulthood	rel:definition	1
formula	a general fact or rule expressed in letters and symbols; may consist of one or more expressions	rel:definition	1
chartered legal person	a legal person created by a royal charter or decree	rel:definition	1
regulatory service	a service provided by a regulatory agency, which may include, but not be limited to, examination, monitoring, supervision, testing, or other capabilities required to ensure the integrity, fairness, safety, or other capacity of a given industry, organization, or product	rel:definition	1
abaiin registry entry	an entry in the ABA IIN registry, a repository of financial institution characteristics collected by the ABA for those institutions to which they issue IINs	rel:definition	1
yes or no	something which has two states, interpreted as Yes and No in the context in which this is used	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly quarterly swap rate icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-Quarterly-Quarterly Swap Rate-4:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
organization identification scheme	an identification scheme dedicated to the unique identification of organizations	rel:definition	1
jpy bbsf bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-BBSF-Bloomberg-15:00	rel:definition	1
zar quarterly swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the ZAR-Quarterly Swap Rate-1:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
aud swap rate reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-Swap Rate-Reuters	rel:definition	1
cad libor bba swap marker	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-LIBOR-BBA-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
entity legal form	a classifier for a legal entity that indicates the nature of that entity as defined from a legal or regulatory perspective, in the jurisdiction in which it was established	rel:definition	1
sgd sor telerate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-SOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
cny semi annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CNY-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
single currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap in which the two streams of interest payments are in the same currency	rel:definition	1
qualified investor restriction	a legal holding restriction specifying that only qualified investors may hold the security, optionally for a defined holding period (if this is not defined then the period is indefinite)	rel:definition	1
farm credit system institution	any federally-chartered financial institution that is supervised, examined, and regulated by the Farm Credit Administration and operates in accordance with the Farm Credit Act of 1971, as amended, 12 U.S.C. 2001 et seq. All Farm Credit System institutions are federally-chartered instrumentalities of the United States.	rel:definition	1
investors domicile restriction	a legal holding restriction that specifies where holders of a security may be domiciled	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-EONIA-OIS-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
partnership with limited partners	a partnership having limited partners, that is partners whose liabilities are limited to the extent of their equity or guarantees	rel:definition	1
wealth management service	a high-level financial service that combines financial and investment advice, accounting and tax services, retirement planning and legal or estate planning for one set fee	rel:definition	1
convertible security	a security that can be converted into another security	rel:definition	1
municipality	an urban administrative division having corporate status and usually powers of self-government or jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
significant controlling interest party	A person which owns a significant voting stake in this entity of between some lower significant threshold and 50 percent, but not 50 percent or more.	rel:definition	1
chf saron ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-SARON-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
de jure control	control that is formalized in law, or codified in some legal instrument	rel:definition	1
statistical universe	a collection representing the total membership, or 'universe', of people, resources, products, services, events, or entities of interest for some question, experiment, survey or statistical program	rel:definition	1
floating interest rate leg	a swapstream in which variable interest is paid on some notional amount, linked to some underlying interest reference rate	rel:definition	1
sole proprietor	a party that owns a business, has the rights to all profits from that business and is considered a single entity (unincorporated) together with that business for tax and liability purposes	rel:definition	1
principal	the value of an obligation, such as a bond or loan, raised and that must be repaid at maturity	rel:definition	1
calculated date	a date that is or will be calculated in some way	rel:definition	1
float float cross currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap that exchanges cashflows based on two different interest rates in different currencies	rel:definition	1
lei eligible entity	a legal person that qualifies to be assigned a legal entity identifier	rel:definition	1
sek stibor bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SEK-STIBOR-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
routing transit number	a unique nine digit identifier, used in the United States, to identify a banking or other financial institution to clear funds or process checks; the routing transit number, as it appears on a check, specifically denotes the banking institution that holds the account in which funds from the check are to be drawn.	rel:definition	1
tradable debt instrument redemption provision	terms for the redemption of the debt represented by a debt security	rel:definition	1
percentage	a proportion of something expressed as a percentage amount	rel:definition	1
regulatory capacity	the capacity of some natural person to regulate some industry, organization, or product by virtue of some certification program on behalf of some regulatory agency	rel:definition	1
religious objective	a not for profit objective that reflects the religious goals of an organization	rel:definition	1
cad ba isdd	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-BA-ISDD	rel:definition	1
nok nibor oibor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the NOK-NIBOR-OIBOR	rel:definition	1
economic indicator publisher	a statistical information publisher that publishes economic news, including economic indicators	rel:definition	1
liability capacity	the ability to be sued at law	rel:definition	1
explicit interest amount calculation event	the explicit representation of the calculation event in a given period, in which an interest payment is calculated based on the rate (fixed or floating) and the notional amount (in the payment currency, and factored for Fx if necessary), on a given date	rel:definition	1
isk reibor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the ISK-REIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
clearing service	a service provided to financial institutions including the validation, delivery, and settlement of financial transactions	rel:definition	1
person	a person; any member of the species homo sapiens	rel:definition	1
usd annual swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
statutory responsibility	an obligation which is defined under some body of law (statute)	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TIBOR-TIBM	rel:definition	1
trust fund trust	A trust which forms the basis for a fund.	rel:definition	1
rub annual swap rate reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the RUB-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
contract third party	someone who may be indirectly involved but is not a principal party to an arrangement, contract, deal, lawsuit, or transaction	rel:definition	1
corporate officer capacity	the capacity vested in a public officer of a company	rel:definition	1
virtual address	an address identifying a virtual, i.e. non-physical location	rel:definition	1
rate	a quantity measured with respect to some other quantity	rel:definition	1
micropolitan statistical area	one or more adjacent counties or county equivalents that have at least one urban core area of at least 10,000 population but less than 50,000, plus adjacent territory that has a high degree of social and economic integration with the core as measured by commuting ties	rel:definition	1
notional step schedule	schedule of changes in the notional amount on which interest is paid, comprising the regular sequence of step events	rel:definition	1
pool	a combination of resources for a common purpose or benefit	rel:definition	1
idr semi annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the IDR-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
edge corporation	a corporation chartered by the Federal Reserve to engage in international banking and financial operations	rel:definition	1
usd cof telerate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-COF11-Telerate	rel:definition	1
eur tmm cdc compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-TMM-CDC-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
number	A number is a mathematical object used to count, label, and measure.	rel:definition	1
civil law system	a legal system originating in Europe, intellectualized within the framework of late Roman law, and whose most prevalent feature is that its core principles are codified into a referable system which serves as the primary source of law	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor dtibor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the JPY-TIBOR-DTIBOR01	rel:definition	1
registered security	a security that is registered with some registration authority and that may be traded in some trading venue (market)	rel:definition	1
thb thbfix reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the THB-THBFIX-Reuters	rel:definition	1
partnership with general partners with limited liability	a partnership that has general partners, whose general partners have limited liability	rel:definition	1
usd index high grade	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-S&P Index-High Grade	rel:definition	1
standardized terms set	a set of standardized terms, published by some body, and capable of being incorporated into a contract by agreement	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
thb sor reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the THB-SOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
zar prime average	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the ZAR-PRIME-AVERAGE	rel:definition	1
clearing house	a financial service provider that is exchange affiliated and provides clearing services, including the validation, delivery, and settlement of financial transactions, for financial intermediaries	rel:definition	1
chf usd basis swaps icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF USD-Basis Swaps-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
privately held company	A firm whose issued shares are all held by a family or a small group of investors and, therefore, cannot be bought by the public.	rel:definition	1
commitment	A legal construct which represents the undertaking on the part of some party to act or refrain from acting in some manner.	rel:definition	1
producer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the rate of change over time in the prices of goods and services bought and sold by producers	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate icap reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-ICAP-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
calendar period	an enumeration that indicates whether a CalendarSpecifiedDate is figured with respect to a calendar week, a calendar month, a calendar quarter, or a calendar year	rel:definition	1
licensee	a party to whom a license has been granted	rel:definition	1
securities transaction	a trade that represents the execution of an order to buy or sell a security	rel:definition	1
trade	an agreement between parties participating in a voluntary negotiation and the exchange of goods and/or services for some consideration (e.g., desired goods and services that someone else possesses)	rel:definition	1
exchange rate	a rate at which one currency can be exchanged for another	rel:definition	1
call feature	a redemption provision defining the schedule and price of redemption prior to maturity	rel:definition	1
call notification provision	a provision of a call feature defining notification requirements	rel:definition	1
credit institution or investment firm	a European financial institution that is a credit institution or an investment firm as defined by the European Banking Authority (EBA)	rel:definition	1
bank for international settlements	an international financial organization that serves central banks in their pursuit of monetary and financial stability, helping to foster international cooperation in those areas and acting as a bank for central banks	rel:definition	1
account identifier	an identifier assigned to each client account for ease in referring to that party's activity	rel:definition	1
party in role	a relative concept that ties an independent party to a specific role they are standing in in which they play some part i.e. are party to	rel:definition	1
skk bribor bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SKK-BRIBOR-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
branch	a part of a business organization or company, identified as a branch	rel:definition	1
legal restriction	a securities restriction that is mandated by law or regulation	rel:definition	1
pool constituent	something that is a component of a pool	rel:definition	1
investment based de facto controlling interest party	A party which exercises some degree of de facto control based on some investment which they hold in the entity.	rel:definition	1
inr mitor ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the INR-MITOR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
swap receiving party	a swap party that receives payments for a given leg of the transaction as defined in the contract	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap eurex lch icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-3M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
third party agent	any service provider that is licensed to perform a legally binding function and has been legally empowered to act on behalf of another party	rel:definition	1
classification scheme	a system for allocating classifiers (elements in a classification scheme) to objects, similar to identifiers in some cases; such classification schemes are intended to permit the classification of arbitrary objects into hierarchies (or partial orders)	rel:definition	1
illegal cartel	A collection of companies that come together to manipulate the market in some way, e.g. price fixing	rel:definition	1
ad hoc schedule entry	an entry, including a date, among multiple ad hoc schedule entries that jointly make up an AdHocSchedule	rel:definition	1
sgd sibor reuters	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-SIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
conditions precedent	Conditions precedent on some obligation. These are conditions which would alter the Obligation as it is otherwise stated.	rel:definition	1
inr semi annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the INR-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:30-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
gbp libor swap eurex lch icap bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the GBP-6M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
multilateral trading facility	a trading system that facilitates the exchange of financial instruments between multiple parties	rel:definition	1
federated sovereignty	a political entity characterized by a union of partially self-governing states or regions under a central (federal) government	rel:definition	1
real estate	land plus anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, sheds and other items attached to the structure	rel:definition	1
date returned by trading date rule	a rule-determined date that is a published rule for defining the date returned by trading date	rel:definition	1
government appointee	an individual appointed by government decree to lead, or participate in some capacity in a government body	rel:definition	1
cad ba reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CAD-BA-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
deposit account	an account that provides a record of money placed with a depository institution for safekeeping and management	rel:definition	1
urban consumers universe	a statistical universe for consumer expenditure surveys consisting of people within a household that make joint expenditure decisions	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-Annual Swap Rate-4:15-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
canadian dollar offered rate	a daily interbank offered rate based on the trimmed arithmetic average of the rates at which CDOR submitters would be willing to lend funds for specific terms-to-maturity against the primary market issuance of Banker's Acceptances to clients with existing credit facilities that reference CDOR (i.e. bid-side rates of the primary BA market)	rel:definition	1
trustee	An individual or organization which holds or manages and invests assets for the benefit of another. The trustee is legally obliged to make all trust-related decisions with the beneficiary's interests in mind, and may be liable for damages in the event of not doing so. Trustees may be entitled to a payment for their services, if specified in the trust deed. In the specific case of the bond market, a trustee administers a bond issue for a borrower, and ensures that the issuer meets all the terms and conditions associated with the borrowing.	rel:definition	1
quantity value	number and measurement unit together giving magnitude of a quantity	rel:definition	1
articles of incorporation	The articles of association are a contract (1) between the members (stockholders, subscribers) and the organization and (2) among the members themselves. It sets out the rights and duties of directors and stockholders individually and in meetings. Certain statutory clauses (such as those dealing with allotment, transfer, and forfeiture of shares) must be included; the other clauses are chosen by the stockholders to make up the bylaws of the organization. A court, however, may declare a clause ultra vires if it is deemed unfair, unlawful, or unreasonable. A copy of the articles is lodged with the appropriate authority such as the registrar of companies. Articles are public documents and may be inspected by anyone (usually on payment of a fee) either at the premises of the organization or at the registrar's office. Lenders to the organization take special interest in its provisions that impose a ceiling on the borrowings beyond which the organization's management must get shareholders' approval before taking on more debt. The usual American term is articles of incorporation.	rel:definition	1
chf basis swap libor icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-Basis Swap-3m vs 6m-LIBOR-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
civilian non institutional population	a statistical universe consisting of people of a certain age who reside in a given region, do not live in institutions (for example, correctional facilities, long-term care hospitals, and nursing homes), and are not on active military duty	rel:definition	1
php phiref bap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the PHP-PHIREF-BAP	rel:definition	1
time interval	a segment of the time axis, a location in time, with an extent or duration	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly annual swap rate bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
variable	a symbol that represents a parameter in a formula or expression	rel:definition	1
best efforts offering	a securities offering that is sold on a best efforts, rather than firm commitment, basis, whereby investment bankers commit to doing their best to sell the securities offered, but do not assume the full risk of an underwriter	rel:definition	1
indexing scheme	system for indexing values, data, information, or knowledge	rel:definition	1
aud bbr aubbsw	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-BBR-AUBBSW	rel:definition	1
sovereign state	a nonphysical juridical entity that is represented by one centralized government that has sovereignty over a geographic area	rel:definition	1
de facto controlling interest party	A party which exercises some control over an entity other than via some constitutional instrument such as shares.	rel:definition	1
hkd isda swap rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the HKD-ISDA-Swap Rate-11:00	rel:definition	1
chief executive officer	Top executive responsible for a firm's overall operations and performance. He or she is the leader of the firm, serves as the main link between the board of directors (the board) and the firm's various parts or levels, and is held solely responsible for the firm's success or failure. One of the major duties of a CEO is to maintain and implement corporate policy, as established by the board. Also called President or managing director, he or she may also be the chairman (or chairperson) of the board.	rel:definition	1
responsible party	a party to which some responsibility has been given	rel:definition	1
registration service	service provided to individuals and/or organizations to register items in a registry	rel:definition	1
notional step change event	a step change in the notional amount of the swap stream	rel:definition	1
basket	a collection of goods, services, or other things (e.g., financial contracts) that can be purchased and sold in some marketplace	rel:definition	1
dkk cibor dkna	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the DKK-CIBOR2-DKNA13	rel:definition	1
eur basis swap eonia eur ibor swap rates icap	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR Basis Swap-EONIA vs 3m EUR+IBOR Swap Rates-A/360-10:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
service	a type of economic activity that is intangible, is not stored and does not result in ownership; a service is consumed at the point of sale	rel:definition	1
company secretary	Officer appointed by the directors of a firm as responsible for ensuring that firm's legal obligations under the corporate legislation are complied with. His or her formal duties include (1) calling meetings, (2) recording minutes of the meetings, (3) keeping statutory record books, (4) proper payment of dividend and interest payments, and (5) proper drafting and execution of agreements, contracts, and resolutions. A company secretary is not automatically an employee of the firm and, if employed with executive responsibilities, not be its director shareholder. If a firm has only two directors, one may act as its secretary; but a sole director may not. A firm (such as of accountants) may not act as a company secretary for any firm. Called corporate secretary in the US.	rel:definition	1
security	a financial instrument that can be bought or sold	rel:definition	1
eur tec cno swap marker	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-TEC10-CNO-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
securities pool constituent	a security that is included in a securities pool	rel:definition	1
economic rate based derivative instrument	a rate-based derivative whose underlier is an economic indicator	rel:definition	1
swap leg	terms defining and commitment to fulfill the future payment or cashflow requirements (e.g., interest payments, coupon payments, etc.) for one leg of a swap transaction	rel:definition	1
natural person limited partner	A limited partner in a partnership, who is and may only be a Natural Person i.e. a human being.	rel:definition	1
usd ois bgcantor	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-OIS-3:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
restricted percentage value	A type defining a percentage specified as decimal from 0 to 1. A percentage of 5% would be represented as 0.05. The maximum value is 100%, i.e., 1.	rel:definition	1
usd sibor sibo	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-SIBOR-SIBO	rel:definition	1
constitution	A constitution defines the basic principles and laws of a nation, state, or social group that determine the powers and duties of the government and guarantee certain rights to the people in it.	rel:definition	1
commodity instrument	a financial instrument representing an ownership interest in a commodity such as coal, oil, precious metal, livestock, an agricultural product, etc.	rel:definition	1
board capacity	the capacity that resides in the board of directors of a company	rel:definition	1
usd treasury rate	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-Treasury Rate-T500	rel:definition	1
calculation period	a date period defined as the number of days from the start of the calculation period to the scheduled end date of the period	rel:definition	1
physical address	a physical address where communications can be addressed, papers served or representatives located for any kind of organization or person	rel:definition	1
emancipated minor	a minor who is allowed to conduct a business or any other occupation on his or her own behalf or for their own account outside the control of a parent or guardian	rel:definition	1
ratio	a proportional relationship between two different numbers or quantities, or in mathematics a quotient of two numbers or expressions, arrived at by dividing one by the other	rel:definition	1
chf libor isda	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-LIBOR-ISDA	rel:definition	1
dkk cita dkna compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the DKK-CITA-DKNA14-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
standard deviation	the square root of variance, standard deviation, measures the spread or dispersion around the mean of a data set	rel:definition	1
electronic funds transfer service	a service involving any transfer of funds other than a transaction involving a paper instrument, that is initiated through an electronic terminal, telephone, or computer and that orders or authorizes a financial institution to debit or credit an account	rel:definition	1
dkk dkkois ois compound	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the DKK-DKKOIS-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
reference document	a document that provides pertinent details for consultation about a subject	rel:definition	1
payment	delivery of money in fulfillment of an obligation, such as to satisfy a claim or debt	rel:definition	1
constant	a symbol that represents a constant in a formula or expression	rel:definition	1
aud bbr bbsw	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the AUD-BBR-BBSW	rel:definition	1
buyer	a party that acquires, or agrees to acquire, ownership (in case of goods), or benefit or usage (in case of services), in exchange for money or other consideration under a contract of sale	rel:definition	1
sgd sor reference banks	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the SGD-SOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
registration capacity	the capacity of some natural person to formally register information in a registry on behalf of some registration authority	rel:definition	1
exchange specific security identification scheme	an identification scheme used by a securities exchange in issuing security identifiers	rel:definition	1
registration identifier	an identifier that is officially allocated to an organization at the time of registration, typically in a jurisdiction in which said organization is organized or registered and used in that jurisdiction to identify the organization	rel:definition	1
end of month	a business recurrence interval that indicates the last day of a calendar month, regardless of the length of that month	rel:definition	1
payment obligation	a legally enforceable duty to pay a sum of money, or agree to do something (or not to do something), according to the terms stated in a contract	rel:definition	1
floating interest rate	a variable interest rate that is based on a specific index or benchmark rate	rel:definition	1
end of day market rate	a measure of the price level (value) of a given market rate of the end of the business day for a specific date	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap eurex lch icap bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the CHF-3M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
business register identifier	an identifier that uniquely identifies a business register, such as a register identified by the Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF) registration authorities list	rel:definition	1
usd ois tradition	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-OIS-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
entitlement	a financial instrument that provides the holder the privilege to subscribe to or to receive specific assets on terms specified	rel:definition	1
usd libor bba bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the USD-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
volatility	a statistical measure of the rate of change in pricing for a given security or market index	rel:definition	1
market data provider	a publisher that publishes data about the financial markets	rel:definition	1
registration authority	a formally constituted organization and legal entity that is responsible for maintaining a registry and provides registration services	rel:definition	1
put schedule	a schedule that defines the events associated with the put feature of a debt instrument, i.e, the dates on which the debt instrument may be sold at what price by the holder	rel:definition	1
date time stamp	a combination of a date, a time, and a time zone	rel:definition	1
individual investor	an investor that is a person, rather than an organization, who may or may not be considered a qualified investor from a legal perspective	rel:definition	1
raw materials sector	a classifier used for price indices related to raw materials purchased by industries in Canada for further processing	rel:definition	1
twd reference dealers	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the TWD-Reference Dealers	rel:definition	1
specified date	a calculated date that is defined by a rule, which is captured as a string by the 'hasDateSpecification' property	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	individual representing the FpML floating interest index for the EUR-3M EURIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
portfolio	a collection of investments (financial assets) such as stocks, bonds and cash equivalents, as well as mutual funds	rel:definition	1
swap stream interest payment schedule	parametric schedule of payment dates	rel:definition	1
business objective	an objective that reflects the strategic goals and direction of a business	rel:definition	1
swap data repository	a financial service provider that provides a central facility for swap data reporting and recordkeeping	rel:definition	1
interest rate authority	an authority responsible for the publication of some interest rate	rel:definition	1
illegal organization	A kind of organization which has been set up specifically to perform illegal acts or has become such	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle event occurrence	an occurrence of an event that occurs during a specific stage of a specific trade lifecycle	rel:definition	1
agreement	a negotiated and usually legally enforceable understanding between two or more legally competent parties	rel:definition	1
currency	medium of exchange value, defined by reference to the geographical location of the authorities responsible for it	rel:definition	1
otc derivative transaction	a derivative transaction that is struck over the counter between two parties	rel:definition	1
security holding	a (tradable) security held in a portfolio	rel:definition	1
stockholders equity	equity held in a concern by stockholders	rel:definition	1
option underlying buyer	The buyer of the underlying in an Option Transaction.	rel:definition	1
fx option underlying	The underlying of the foreign currency option is a currency spot rate.	rel:definition	1
investment or deposit account	an account associated with a product or service that requires the account holder to provide funds for management by the account provider	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-TIBM	rel:definition	1
service agreement	a written contract between a client and service provider whereby the service provider supplies some service in the form of time, effort, and/or expertise in exchange for compensation	rel:definition	1
variable debt principal	An amount of issued debt principal which is defined in relation to some variable and so varies over time, as principal.	rel:definition	1
time instant	a temporal entity that is a member of a time scale, with no extent or duration	rel:definition	1
variable interest calculation formula	Formula for the calculation of variable interest.	rel:definition	1
insurance backed guaranty	Security is guaranteed by an insurance policy.	rel:definition	1
traditional warrant	Financial instruments which permit the holder to purchase or sell back to the issuer a specified amount of a share.	rel:definition	1
day of month	a business recurrence interval that indicates a specific, recurring day of the month	rel:definition	1
forward cash delivery	'This is the first of the two currency flows that define a single leg of a standard foreign exchange transaction.'	rel:definition	1
credit facility agreement	A formal contract in which a potential lender agrees to lend to a potential borrower under terms stated in this contract.	rel:definition	1
currency business day type	When calculating the number of days between two dates the count includes only currency business days.	rel:definition	1
dividend leg dividend period	A part of a Dividend Leg, which is the dividend period and the terms relating to this.	rel:definition	1
mtn offer program	A program of offerings of Medium Term Note debt securities. This is a set of issues where the maturity is defined after the rest of the terms have been registered with some authority. These are registered up front so that then the company wants to borrow more money they don't have to go through the registration period but have the facility up front to issue another security.	rel:definition	1
civilian labor force	a subset of the civilian, non-institutional population considered to be part of the labor force during a given reporting period	rel:definition	1
debt convexity analytic	The second derivative of a security's price with respect to its yield, divided by the security's price. A security exhibits positive convexity when its price rises more for a downward move in its yield than its price declines for an equal upward move in its yield. Further notes: A measure of the change in price for a given change in Modified Duration. This always (necessarily) refers to Modified Duration. This is used as another risk measurement. Numerator is always (a) duration - either MacCaulays or Modified. Always rate of change of (one of the) Duration against some other parameter. The other paramater can be characterised as a Yield (it may be the Price, but that has a relationship to the Yield in any case). REVIEW: Inconsistency in the above - is it always necessarily Modified Duration that is referred to, or \"any\" Duration measure (Macaulays and.or Modified)? notes 9 Dec A measure of the sensitivity of the price with reference to interest rates. This is normally determined with reference to maturity, but since there are different maturity dates, this figure gives an estimate of the equitvalent if you had a homogenous portfolio, i.e. this is an estimate based on a pure equivalent, homogenous portfolio. Convexity of instrument versus portfolio. Sees instrument in terms of the set of cashflows. The term Convexity can be applied either to a bond or to a portfolio. More notes: When you get Convexit in MD, it will tell you what Duration it is refrfering to, along with Redemption Date (logically). Also if there is Option Adjusted Yield, there is a third set of analytics. What are they? i.e. OA Convexity, Duration Yield and the rest. Conclusions: Agreed to revisit this in OTC.	rel:definition	1
option on futures underlying	The underlying of a traded Futures Option, which is a traded Futures contract, generally on the same derivatives exchange.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor basis swap euribor icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR EURIBOR-Basis Swap-1m vs 3m-Euribor-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
instalment default	Non payment of a call by the beneficial owner, resulting in either a court action by the issuer or the sale of the securities to recover costs and/or a forfeit of partially paid securities. SWIFT = INDE	rel:definition	1
security payment status	The Payment Status of a Unit or other Security.	rel:definition	1
equity future share underlying	A share which is the underlying of an Equities Future contract.	rel:definition	1
mxn tiie banxico	the FpML floating interest index for MXN-TIIE-Banxico	rel:definition	1
lender right	Rights on the lender to protect them against loss. furthe rNtoes: Logically, considering the two parties, they both have protecxtion mechanisms. so while the lender has protecxtion mechanisms through mortgage insurance, and the consumer has protextion mechanisms such as good faith estimates. also the agencies (see Consumer Protection Agency), an instance of which is the CFPB in the US (just set up). Lender rights are: - expressed in the Contract Consumer protection develops becaues the contract is written by the potential Lender. So the rights are introcued to rectify the imbalance between the two parties. Same goes for insurance. consumer protection laws (governe dby the relevant consumer protection agency. So the lender protexts itself as it writes th contract AND does the things it needs to do to protext itself, but on the approval process, and with later instruments such as insurance. Interestingly., it is the Borrower who pays for this by paying for credit reports etc. So the borrower protects itself by other mechanisms. Caveat emptor - displaced by regulation (the buyer is protected by regulation). Uberimae Fidae - in the utmost good faith. Mortgage Insurance is an additional means of mitigating the risk, that the lended may have., so if the information assessed is not accurate, or if the borrower's situation changes for the worse. then the risk rating may go down. So the Mortgage Insurance is a further strategy which mitigates any shortfall in the Lender Righrs that you may have - ie someone guarantees. In the US you can also avoid that by having paid a deposit. PIMI: Principal, Interst and Morgage Insurance. So the Borrower pays towards the MI, esxcept if they have paid a given amount as deposit. there are 2 types of MI: 1. protects the lender in the event of borrower degault 2. Insurance for \"Incapacity to pay the mortage\" (these can be bought off the shelf - can combine health, unemployment etc.). - this is the Borrower mitigating their own risk. Prevents foreclosure. Similar to general sickness etc. Where the lender charges for MI, the cost is passed onto the Borrower. e.g. if there is a % valuation (e.g. 70% in Aus, 80% in US for example) then no insurance is required.	rel:definition	1
economic rate observable	a rate-based observable that is specifically an economic indicator	rel:definition	1
day type	The type of day specified when stating some duration as a number of days between two dates.	rel:definition	1
investment company	Any issuer which: (a) is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities; (b) is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of issuing face-amount certificates of the installment type, or has been engaged in such business and has any such certificate outstanding; or (c) is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding, or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 per centum of the value of such issuer&apos;s total assets (exclusive of Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis	rel:definition	1
bank	a depository institution, usually a corporation, that accepts deposits, makes loans, pays checks, and performs related services, for individual members of the public, businesses or other organizations	rel:definition	1
sek annual swap rate seswfi	the FpML floating interest index for SEK-Annual Swap Rate-SESWFI	rel:definition	1
time direction	an enumeration that indicates whether a calendar specified date is figured from the start or the end of a calendar period	rel:definition	1
vnd semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for VND-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
draft contract	A document which, once agreed to be such by some parties, may become a contract between those parties. Term origin:SR Modeling	rel:definition	1
agency determined date	A date which is or which is to be determined by some external agency.	rel:definition	1
regulation identifier	an identifier associated with a regulation	rel:definition	1
usd federal funds reference dealers	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Federal Funds-Reference Dealers	rel:definition	1
cashflow cdo	A cash-flow CDO is analogous to a CMO. Cash flows from collateral are used to pay principal and interest to investors. If such cash flows prove inadequate, principal and interest is paid to tranches according to seniority. At any point in time, all immediate obligations to a given tranch are met before any payments are made to less senior tranches.	rel:definition	1
dutch auction	"The party to which the offer is made need not be the holder. Details: Question on \""Who is the actor?\"" Dutch auction would have multiple parties? What is the scenario? Usually happens when a company is about to go into administration. Looking at the scneario descried in the SWIFT definition - not clear if this is the only such scenario. Possibly the issuer has to notif ythe shareholders that the offer is being made. The offer is made by the third party but the notice is sent by the issuer (via their agent) and via the registrar who holds the details of who holds all the shares. Example: Lloyds banking group - most shares would be owned by the market, and a small percentage might be held by private investors. So in this scenario everyone has to be given the opportunity to sell at the given price. so the CAE message is still issued by the Issuer. SWIFT detailed names (synonym?) \""Dutch Auction, Bid Tender\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
dutch auction	""Similar to a tender offer, a Dutch auction is an action by a party wishing to acquire a particular security. Current holders of the targeted security are invited to make an offer in which they would be willling to sell their holdings. UPDATE THIS DEFINITION: Similar to a tender offer, a Dutch auction is the result of an action by a third party wishing to acquire a particular security. Current holders of the targeted security are invited (and given a message by the issuer) to make an offer in which they would be willling to sell their holdings. OR It might also represent a separate scenario where third parties do this, as per the original SWIFT defition. You can only go to the Registrar which would the other scenario impossible. Agents and Registrars: The issue issuer os the company which issued the shares (as modeled); Most companies don't interact directly with the market to find out who they need to disseminate the info to. They can, but more likely the employ \""Issuers Agent\"". That provides one point of contact from the organization. That agent handles all coms with the Registrars, and to the news wires etc., to disseminate the corporate action. Context: CAE only, or in the context of the Issue? When you issue the security you nominate an Agent, in the prospectus, there is specified an Issuing Agent. This is the one that does these things. Usually a merchant bank etc. in the old days. This is who will have directly facilitated that direct market engagement. Next question: This is part of going public, so these agents are appointed as part of going public."	rel:definition	1
mortgage loan	A loan securitized against some real estate.	rel:definition	1
trigger event	Any event where some value passes some threashold. Or some other type of business event. This is not restricted to \"trigger\" in the sense of a value passing a threshold. Can also be an seen such as a CDO manager going into bankruptcy.	rel:definition	1
joint venture partner	a party in the role of joint venture partner to some venture	rel:definition	1
sovereign debt issuer	A national Government, acting in the capacity of an Issuer.	rel:definition	1
statistical area identifier	an identifier for a physical location that is defined per a nationally consistent program for designating geographic regions for the purposes of tabulating and presenting statistical data	rel:definition	1
payment obligation	Obligation to make payments on transactions transacted under the Master Agreement, as specified in any Confirmation made by that party.	rel:definition	1
basket option strike terms	Formal terms for the exercise of an Equity Basket Option. Further Notes Review 10 Feb: Strike price for Basket depends what is in the basket Single names: can come up with a value for the basket as a whole. Basket of Indices - would be different. Each constituent is an index. Basket that mixes single name as well as indices.	rel:definition	1
hmda disposition	a type of action taken regarding an application for a HMDA covered loan	rel:definition	1
known calendar duration	A duration defined as a known number of calendar days.	rel:definition	1
reference debt instrument	A debt instrument in the role of a reference instrument. Some property of the instrument is used in calculations, for example the interest or the yield of the instrument.	rel:definition	1
business requirement	A requirement driven by business imperatives.	rel:definition	1
credit risk assessment	a risk assessment that focuses on determining the likelihood of a potential borrower repaying a loan	rel:definition	1
body incorporated through agreement	A body with legal personhood, incorporated through some agreement among the principals, and without equity or guarantee instruments which would isolate the principals from liability.	rel:definition	1
civilian labor force participation rate	an economic indicator representing the rate of participation the labor force of a given economy for some specified period	rel:definition	1
legal entity identifier registry	a registry for registering and maintaining information about business entities for a particular jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
security identifier	any publicly available identifier that is used to identify a security	rel:definition	1
government issued debt security	a debt security issued by some government on behalf of some polity, including sovereign and municipal debt	rel:definition	1
offering document	a legal document, published by an offeror or issuer of one or more securities that contains details of the offer, including but not necessarily limited to information a potential investor might want to know about the offering and issuer in order to make an informed investment decision	rel:definition	1
savings and loan holding company	a company that directly or indirectly controls a savings association or another savings and loan holding company, and explicitly excludes any company that is also a bank holding company	rel:definition	1
international electronic funds transfer service	an electronic funds transfer (EFT) service involving the transfer of funds across national borders, that may also involve currency conversion	rel:definition	1
chf isdafix swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-ISDAFIX-Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
usd cms reuters	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CMS-Reuters	rel:definition	1
minor	a person under a certain age, usually the age of majority in a given jurisdiction, which legally demarcates childhood from adulthood	rel:definition	1
fund distributor	an entity through which a fund may be bought by or for an investor. This may be on a discretionary or advisory basis, or as an execution-only service. Definition origin:EFAMA DD	rel:definition	1
option type selection	Whether it is a call option (right to purchase a specific underlying asset) or a put option (right to sell a specific underlying asset).	rel:definition	1
define notes parameters	the denom of the notes	rel:definition	1
warranties section	Section defining what is warranted by either party to the other. A warranty, as contained in this section of a contract, is a statement by one other party asserting that some given state of the world exists.	rel:definition	1
derivatives clearing	The service... This is correect - this role applies the same to Futures and Options contracts on derivatives exchanges. This is always on a Futures Exchange. There are similar terms / facilities for options traded on a Stock Exchange. Also American v European by implication of the nature of the underlying i.e. whether it's a stock or a futures contract.	rel:definition	1
usd treasury rate swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Treasury Rate-SwapMarker100	rel:definition	1
sole proprietor	a party that owns a business, has the rights to all profits from that business and is considered a single entity (unincorporated) together with that business for tax and liability purposes	rel:definition	1
security final prospectus	The final Prospectus for an issue describes the Offer Issue, including facts about the issue itself such as closing dates, and known facts about the securities that will form part of that issue.	rel:definition	1
benchmark	A reference index used to measure fund performance.	rel:definition	1
non tradable debt redemption provision	terms for repayment of principal on debt instruments that are not traded securities, such as over the counter, bilateral paper	rel:definition	1
payment obligation	a legally enforceable duty to pay a sum of money, or agree to do something (or not to do something), according to the terms stated in a contract	rel:definition	1
gbp libor swap eurex lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-6M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
bricks and mortar holding	A holding of built property.	rel:definition	1
letter of credit issuer	The party which issues a Letter of Credit.	rel:definition	1
debt pool	a pool consisting of debt instruments, such as bonds, loans or mortgages	rel:definition	1
housing unit	a house, an apartment, a mobile home or trailer, a group of rooms, or a single room occupied as separate living quarters, or if vacant, intended for occupancy as separate living quarters	rel:definition	1
share value increase action	Increase of the share capital. The face value of the single share is changed without modification of the number of shares in circulation. May include a capital payout to shareholder.	rel:definition	1
regular floater tranche	A floater tranche is a tranche that is keyed to an index and a spread. The spread is added to the index.	rel:definition	1
fixed basket constituent	a component of a fixed basket	rel:definition	1
remittance report	Report containing a specific and limited set of information about the Deal. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
corporate officer capacity	the capacity vested in a public officer of a company	rel:definition	1
loan snapshot or status	Information applicable to a loan at a given date.	rel:definition	1
loan pool analytic	A measure of some aspect of a pool of loans.	rel:definition	1
tax rule	The tax rule which is applied in determing the applicable tax.	rel:definition	1
aud semi swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-Semi-annual Swap Rate-ICAP	rel:definition	1
distribution by security	Pay by Security	rel:definition	1
market spread	a statistical measure providing the difference (or spread) between two market rates	rel:definition	1
fund dividend policy	Terms for the expected distributions of dividends.	rel:definition	1
monetary measure	some measure of some sum of money	rel:definition	1
usd libor swap cme lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-6M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
sek sior ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for SEK-SIOR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
partnership with natural person limited partners	a partnership with limited partners (partners whose liability is limited) and where those partners are necessarily natural persons (i.e. cannot be corporates)	rel:definition	1
security trading status	The status of the security in terms of whether it is trading or not, and any special considerations relating to trading.	rel:definition	1
contract term	An individual term in a Contract. Forms part of a set of Contractual Terms. Also exists within a Clause of a Contract A Clause exists within a Section of a Contract	rel:definition	1
pass through issue prospectus part	A part or section of a prospectus for a pass through MBS issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
account	Business relationship between two entities; one entity is the account owner, the other entity is the account servicer.	rel:definition	1
loan identification scheme	A scheme for formal identification of loans. Further notes: May be a published, public scheme or an internal scheme. MAy not be a database-specific key.	rel:definition	1
filing for bankruptcy	An event in which an organization files for bankruptcy.	rel:definition	1
arbitrage cdo objective	The objective is arbitrage, whereby the motivation is to add value by repackaging assets into tranches.	rel:definition	1
loan ongoing prepayment terms	Terms governing prepayments of the principal on a loan by the borrower throughout the life of the loan.	rel:definition	1
base	the variable to which an additional margin amount is added to get the interest amount	rel:definition	1
listed securities composite market	A Market defined as being a number of exchanges or trading venues in a particular marketplace or area.	rel:definition	1
security listing	a capability for listing a security provided by a securities trading facility	rel:definition	1
failure to pay interest	The failure by the Reference Entity to pay an expected interest amount or the payment of an actual interest amount that is less than the expected interest amount. Further notes: A credit event. ISDA 2003 Term: Failure to Pay Interest. FpML full definition: 'A credit event. Corresponds to the failure by the Reference Entity to pay an expected interest amount or the payment of an actual interest amount that is less than the expected interest amount. ISDA 2003 Term: Failure to Pay Interest.'	rel:definition	1
property purchase and sale	The sale and purchase of real estate.	rel:definition	1
financial exposure	the extent to which an individual or organization is open to risk of suffering a loss in a transaction, or with respect to some investment or set of investments, e.g., some holding; the amount one stands to lose in that transaction or investment	rel:definition	1
inr semi annual swap rate non tullett prebon	the FpML floating interest index for INR-Semi Annual Swap Rate-Non-deliverable-16:00-Tullett Prebon	rel:definition	1
securities transaction contract	The contract (written or implied) which governs the transaction of securities in the secondary Market.	rel:definition	1
cashflow commitment	A legal or contractual commitment to some cash flows in the future.	rel:definition	1
option	A financial derivative which represents a contract sold by one party (option writer) to another party (option holder). The contract offers the buyer the right, but not the obligation, to buy (call) or sell (put) a security or other financial asset at an agreed-upon price (the strike price) during a certain period of time or on a specific date (exercise date).	rel:definition	1
option	a contract that grants to the holder either the privilege to purchase or the privilege to sell the assets specified at a predetermined price or formula at or within a time in the future	rel:definition	1
remarketing purpose	The process of reselling securities to the public that have been tendered for purchase by the previous owners thereof.	rel:definition	1
correspondent	A bank, brokerage or other financial institution that is not a direct DTC member. Correspondents rely on direct DTC Participants to perform their DTC settlement services	rel:definition	1
restructuring	A restructuring is an event that materially impacts the reference entity's obligations, such as an interest rate reduction, principal reduction, deferral of interest or principal, change in priority ranking, or change in currency or composition of payment.	rel:definition	1
personal consumption expenditures	an economic indicator representing a measure of the value of the goods and services purchased by, or on the behalf of, 'persons'	rel:definition	1
basket of securities	a basket of traded securities	rel:definition	1
premium price per option expression	The expression of the premium as a function of the number of options.	rel:definition	1
measurable asset	Some asset which is or may be measured monearality in some currency. Editorial Note: This class introduced because the original FIBO model has a property \"measured in\" (with range of Currency) which is not in FIBO-FND v1.0 and because this lets us use the parent class to define anything as an asset if it is owned whether or not it is measured monetarily. Applications of the concept of Asset to accouting, book-keeping etc where it is measured should use this now term in place of the parent term \"Asset\". Note also that the moved property \"measured in\" is an object property, having a range of Currency.	rel:definition	1
founders share	A share which is not tradable and which is held by founders of the compsny. Ths is stock that pre-dates any flotation of the company.	rel:definition	1
underwriting arrangement	a contractual agreement between an organization (typically an investment bank) and a securities issuer that commits the underwriter to assuming risk involved in buying a new issue of securities from an issuing corporation or government entity and reselling it to the public, either directly or through dealers	rel:definition	1
transaction business event	Occurrence in time that partners to a business transaction wish to monitor or control.	rel:definition	1
equity option put transaction	A transaction which is defined in an equity options contract and which may or may not take place, at the discretion of the holder of the option. If it does take place, this will be a transaction for the sale of the equity underlying or some cash equivalent thereof, as defined in the option contract.	rel:definition	1
us bank holding company	a bank holding company that is licensed to conduct business in the United States and is regulated and supervised by the Federal Reserve in accordance with the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956	rel:definition	1
economic rate based derivative instrument	a rate-based derivative whose underlier is an economic indicator	rel:definition	1
bond with published sinking fund	Bonds where the amortizing is via a known and published schedule.	rel:definition	1
trustee	A party which has some role in relation to some financial investment (portfolio, issue etc.) which is formally defined as being a \"Trustee\" in that context.	rel:definition	1
government appointee	an individual appointed by government decree to lead, or participate in some capacity in a government body	rel:definition	1
mathematical thing	A Mathematical Thing is something in the universe of mathematics. That is, something that is a parameter (mathematical quantity) or something that is used to express that parameter, such as a value or components of a formula.	rel:definition	1
equities basket constituent	an equity instrument that is a component of a basket of equities	rel:definition	1
calculated date	a date that is or will be calculated in some way	rel:definition	1
calculated date	A Date which is calculated according to some defined formula or calculation method. The results of such calculation are not known in the present, e.g. one or more parameters for the calculation are not yet known.	rel:definition	1
affiliate	an affiliate of, or a person affiliated with, a specific person is a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the person specified	rel:definition	1
unlimited tax general obligation bond	An unlimited-tax general obligation pledge is similar to the limited-tax pledge. The only difference is that the local government is asked to increase property tax rates to necessary levels - up to a maximum of 100% - to cover delinquencies from taxpayers. Local residents must first agree to increase property taxes to necessary amounts required for the bonds.	rel:definition	1
senior equity priority terms set	The precise terms which define the seniority of this class of Equity. These terms set out that the holder has the first call among equity holders, on the assets of the issuing entity in the event of it being wound up, ahead of the holders of other classes of equity.	rel:definition	1
instrument	Something which is used to further some purpose or to measure some variable in furtherance of some purpose. Explanatory Note: This may include more abstract or even relative or mediating things such as contracts, put to some purpose. For example, financial instruments. It also include physical measurement instruments (flow meters etc.) in industrial plant.	rel:definition	1
trustee	An individual or organization which holds or manages and invests assets for the benefit of another. The trustee is legally obliged to make all trust-related decisions with the beneficiary's interests in mind, and may be liable for damages in the event of not doing so. Trustees may be entitled to a payment for their services, if specified in the trust deed. In the specific case of the bond market, a trustee administers a bond issue for a borrower, and ensures that the issuer meets all the terms and conditions associated with the borrowing.	rel:definition	1
oette	REVIEW: Is this a kind of IO Tranche.	rel:definition	1
equity option call transaction	A transaction which is defined in an equity options contract and which may or may not take place, at the discretion of the holder of the option. If it does take place, this will be a transaction for the purchase of the equity underlying or some cash equivalent thereof, as defined in the option contract.	rel:definition	1
loan performance status	The current performance of the loan, as one of a list of possible statuses.	rel:definition	1
debt instrument reference rate	The interest rate of some debt instrument which is referred to in calculations of some sort.	rel:definition	1
step event	The event whereby a set of fixed coupon terms comes into force as specified in the Step Schedule.	rel:definition	1
strip	Separate Trading of Registered Interest and Principal of Securities. A Debt Instrument which consists of either the interest component alone, or the principal component alone, of a bond.	rel:definition	1
security lifecycle status	The status of a security within its lifecycle.	rel:definition	1
consent solicitation request	"Procedure aimed at obtaining consent of holders to proposal by issuer or a third party without a formal general meeting. SWIFT Full TExt: \""Solicitation of shareholders consent. Procedure aimed at obtaining consent of holders to proposal by issuer or a third party without a formal general meeting.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
consent solicitation request	""Solicitation of shareholders consent."	rel:definition	1
numerical variable	Some numerical variable.	rel:definition	1
board agreement	a formal, legally binding agreement between members of the Board of Directors of the organization	rel:definition	1
conversion notification	Conversion or optional exchange of securities (generally convertible bonds or preferred shares) into another form of securities (usually common shares) at a pre-stated price.	rel:definition	1
examiner	a party appointed by, and who has the capacity to act as an official representative of, a regulatory agency to provide examination, review, and other regulatory services	rel:definition	1
futures trading margin	In the futures market, margin refers to the initial deposit of \"good faith\" made into an account in order to enter into a futures contract. This margin is referred to as good faith because it is this money that is used to debit any day-to-day losses.	rel:definition	1
average life at issue	The Average Life analytic at the time the security was issued.	rel:definition	1
draft pass through termsheet	Draft of set of information defining the pass thorugh security terms. These will eventually become the contractual terms of the instrument. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
muni debt offering	The process step of offering a Municipal Debt security for issue.	rel:definition	1
balance sheet cdo	Balance Sheet CDO/CLO/CBO - the reference assets for the SDO portfolio are taken from a company/firm's balance sheet.	rel:definition	1
combined cash and securities response message	"SWIFT: Term:\""Cash and Securities\"" Definition:\""Election choice includes a distribution of both cash and securities to holders.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
combined cash and securities response message	""Notification of response opting to take a distribution of both securities and cash as offered."	rel:definition	1
usd municipal swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Municipal Swap Rate-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
usd federal funds	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Federal Funds-H.15	rel:definition	1
cad tbill telerate	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-TBILL-Telerate	rel:definition	1
jpy ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-OIS-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
fund portfolio	An account containing a number of financial instruments along with cash positions in one or more currencies and belonging to a Fund	rel:definition	1
zar quarterly swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-Quarterly Swap Rate-1:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
forward cash delivery commitment	A commitment to deliver a cash amount at an agreed date in the future.	rel:definition	1
account provider	a party that provides and services the account	rel:definition	1
voluntary distribution	An action in which funds are distributed voluntarily by the issuer of a security.	rel:definition	1
inflation swap contract	Draft definition: This is a swap instrument which makes reference to an inflation index.	rel:definition	1
eur tmm cdc compound	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TMM-CDC-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
uncrossing price	The indicative uncrossing price and corresponding uncrossing volume broadcast during auction calls and immediately following uncrossing.	rel:definition	1
incorporation guarantee	A guarantee which is part of the means by which some incorporated entity is incorporated by guarantee.	rel:definition	1
statistical measure	A summary (means, mode, total, index, etc.) of the individual quantitative variable values for the statistical units in a specific group (study domains).	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11.00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
registered shareholder	a shareholder that is registered on the shareholder registry for a company	rel:definition	1
producer	the manufacturer of a product, also called maker	rel:definition	1
international money market australian dollar trading date rule	a trading date rule defined as the last trading day of an Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) 90-Day Bank Accepted Futures and Options product, one Sydney business day preceding the second Friday of the relevant settlement month	rel:definition	1
aud semi annual swap rate icap reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-ICAP-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
personal loan contract	The contract for a loan which is advanced to an individual human beings or two more individual human beings in their personal capacities.	rel:definition	1
credit score	a quantitative measure or category that results from a credit evaluation model	rel:definition	1
wealth management service	a high-level financial service that combines financial and investment advice, accounting and tax services, retirement planning and legal or estate planning for one set fee	rel:definition	1
bond option	An option on a traded futures contract for a Bond. When exercised, the holder exercises the right to buy the future on a Bond, s/he does not exercise the right to buy a bond.	rel:definition	1
bond option underlying	The underlying on a Bond Option, which is the corresponding Bond Future contract on the same exchange.	rel:definition	1
funds creation	SPV set up for fund management Conesnsus:Review	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate tullett prebon	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-16:00-Tullett Prebon	rel:definition	1
numbering agency	The agency which will provide the primary securitiy identifier for the security. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
us producer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the change over time in the selling prices received by domestic producers for their output	rel:definition	1
license	grant of permission needed to do something	rel:definition	1
license	A contract conferring certain rights and obligations on the holder of the contract (the licensee) who is generally unknown to the license issuer (the licensor).	rel:definition	1
frs state member bank	a commercial bank that is state-chartered and a member of the Federal Reserve System	rel:definition	1
fund equity	A share or proportion of the capital gains in a fund.	rel:definition	1
otc interest rate cap option contract	A strip of options in which interest payable in each period is either the Observable (Underlying) rate or the Strike rate, at the holder's discretion, and in which the Strike rate represents a rate above which the holder can elect not to pay.	rel:definition	1
company statutory obligation	an obligation defined in company law (statute)	rel:definition	1
jpy libor bba bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
exchange identifier	an identifier allocated to a securities exchange	rel:definition	1
institution type	a classifier of financial institutions as defined by the National Information Center (NIC) registry	rel:definition	1
equity option	Equity options are the most common type of equity derivative. They provide the right, but not the obligation to trade a quantity of stock at a set price at a future time.	rel:definition	1
tradable debt instrument redemption provision	terms for the redemption of the debt represented by a debt security	rel:definition	1
collateral dated facts	What information is kept about different kinds of asset? Example: HJouse: Building structure, the land (these are non date facts), quality of the title. If car, information, identify (registration, VIN etc.); insurance and so on. Insurance is a dated fact. If a car is collateral., you would collect updated information on an ongoing basis. this happens though registering an interest in the vehicle. Insurance companies undertake not to cancel insutrance without notifying lender if there is a lein. so they regfister an interest in a motor vehicle. so some of this event driven, some is dated, some is static. Also: Flood plain risk, flood insurance on the asset.	rel:definition	1
sharia law system	A system of Shari'a Law.	rel:definition	1
jpy isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate-10:00	rel:definition	1
usd libor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for USD-6M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
non physical underlier	an underlier that does not represent a deliverable asset	rel:definition	1
frs non member bank	a financial institution that is not a Federal Reserve member bank	rel:definition	1
odd lot sale instruction	"This is in response to the Issuer-initiated Corporate Action in which they make an Odd Lot Offer. SWIFT: Term:\""Odd Lot Sale\"" Definition:\""Sale of odd-lot back to the issuing company.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
odd lot sale instruction	odd lot sale	rel:conveys.2	1
odd lot sale instruction	""Notification of holder choice to sell odd-lot back to the issuing company."	rel:definition	1
security offering distribution type	the type of distribution for a securities offering, including (1) primary offering - the original sale of a company's securities, in which the proceeds from the sale are received directly by the company, and (2) secondary offering - an offering of a security that has been issued previously	rel:definition	1
maturity extension	As stipulated in a bond's Terms and Conditions, the issuer or the bondholder may prolong the maturity date of a bond. After extension, the security may differ from original issue (new rate or maturity date). May be subject to bondholder's approval.	rel:definition	1
covered transaction	A transaction covered by some Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
international money market settlement date rule	a settlement date rule as defined in the International Money Market (IMM) settlement dates calendar	rel:definition	1
rub annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
equity basket option annex	An annex to an Equities Basket Option, setting out in detail the composition of the Basket.	rel:definition	1
frs member bank	a Federal Reserve member bank	rel:definition	1
deliverable obligation buyer	The party which is obligated to purchase the Deliverable Obligation in the event that the CDS Contingent Transaction takes place. Deifnition Origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
interbank mid rate	an interbank rate that represents the mid-point between bid and offer rates	rel:definition	1
financial instrument identification scheme	a formal definition of the structure and application of a particular set of financial instrument identifiers	rel:definition	1
partial calls estimation model	A model of how the early partial calls are estimated.	rel:definition	1
interest calculation formula	formula for calculation of interest	rel:definition	1
up to one year description	Formal duration description for Durations of up to one year.	rel:definition	1
notional step relative to selection	a specification of whether a percentage rate change, used to calculate a change in notional outstanding, is expressed as a percentage of the initial notional amount or of the previously outstanding notional amount	rel:definition	1
business day	A working day as defined in the Business Calendar for a particular business center.	rel:definition	1
creditworthiness	A selection of types of creditworthiness, such as sub prime. Created for ABS but may be referred to in any instrument or tranche where this is a feature.	rel:definition	1
potential underwriter	The entity which will become the underwriter for an issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
currency spot sell rate	an indicative spot selling market rate as observed by the reporting source	rel:definition	1
instrument credit rating	An Instrument Credit Rating, that is the creditworthiness of the investment as determined by a Ratings Agency.	rel:definition	1
us bank	a bank that is licensed to conduct business in the United States	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap cme lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-3M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
cad ba reuters	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-BA-Reuters	rel:definition	1
amortizing security	A bond with terms mandating amortization of the principal	rel:definition	1
chf libor isda	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-LIBOR-ISDA	rel:definition	1
maturity extension	The fact that the underlier fails to make principal payments as expected. Further notes: A credit event. REVIEW: The definition from FpML appears to be a variant on that for Failure To Pay Principal. The definition given here is the definition of a failure to pay principal but the FpML definition for Failure to pay Principal is more detailed. This definition alone does not justify an extension of the maturity. FpML full definition: 'A credit event. Results from the fact that the underlier fails to make principal payments as expected.'	rel:definition	1
yes or no	something which has two states, interpreted as Yes and No in the context in which this is used	rel:definition	1
securities trades matching	Matching of trade allegations to identify confirmed trades, on an Over the Counter market in Traded Securities.	rel:definition	1
participating preference share	Like the preferred shares, participating preference shares have a prior claim on dividends, and on assets in an event of corporate liquidation or dissolution. But preferred stock would take precedence over preference stock in respect of dividends and assets that may be available for distribution.	rel:definition	1
share coupon schedule specification	Schedule of dates on which a Share Coupon Payment is to take place.	rel:definition	1
discounted instrument yield	Yield quoted for a discount instrument. This is the ratio of the discount to the face value, divided by the period to maturity as a fraction of a year.	rel:definition	1
credit report product	a specifically branded credit report offered in the market place	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap eurex lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-6M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
clearing house	a financial service provider that is exchange affiliated and provides clearing services, including the validation, delivery, and settlement of financial transactions, for financial intermediaries	rel:definition	1
pool constituent	something that is a component of a pool	rel:definition	1
put option writing party	The Party which is the writer of the Put Option. This party has the obligation to transact as the Buyer of the Option Underlying.	rel:definition	1
fund subscription terms	Subscription terms for the fund. Further notes: ISO FIBIM, EFAMA DD and FPP combine terms for subscription, redemption and general holding requirements. These have been separated here as they are different kinds of term, but this can be reviewed. Subscription Terms are identified as terms of the fund and not the fund unit, since terms for how you might subscribe can't be binding one someone who has not yet subscribed.	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate icap reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-ICAP-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
aud quarterly swap rate icap reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-Quarterly Swap Rate-ICAP-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
statutory body	a body set up by a government to consider evidence and make judgements in some field of activity	rel:definition	1
price structure	a structured collection of quoted prices, such as market prices for some index or security, such that volatility may be constructed for the structure	rel:definition	1
accounting reporting party	The party, from the perspective of which economic facts are defined.	rel:definition	1
project goal	Some stated goal of a project as set out in the project planning documentation.	rel:definition	1
jpy libor bba	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
personal assessment facts at approval	Pertinent economic facts about an individual person at the time a given loan was approved.	rel:definition	1
payment service	a financial service that involves acceptance of electronic payments by a variety of payment methods including credit card, bank-based payments such as direct debit, bank transfer, and real-time bank transfer based on online banking	rel:definition	1
vnd semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for VND-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
non participating preference share	The usual type of preference share, which is not a Participating Preference Share	rel:definition	1
mortgage loan purpose	A purpose for which a Mortgage Loan may be taken out.	rel:definition	1
mortgage loan purpose	the purpose for which mortgage loan proceeds will be used, such as real property purchase, dwelling construction, or loan refinancing	rel:definition	1
pool analytical parameter	Paramater that describes some aspect of the behaviour of some kind of pool.	rel:definition	1
long term equity option	An option whose contract expires at a date longer than one year. Also known as long-term equity anticipation securities (LEAPS). From Investopedia: These options are called long-term equity anticipation securities (LEAPS). By providing opportunities to control and manage risk or even to speculate, LEAPS are virtually identical to regular options. LEAPS, however, provide these opportunities for much longer periods of time. Although they are not available on all stocks, LEAPS are available on most widely held issues.	rel:definition	1
credit facility loan tranche	A tranche of a credit facility the purpose of which is a kind of Loan.	rel:definition	1
usd libor swap cme lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-3M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
cds fee payment schedule specification	A schedule expressing payment events and dates.	rel:definition	1
cash currency	Money in the form of promissory notes issued by some central bank.	rel:definition	1
avm provider	Party which is the Provider of an AVM Valuation.	rel:definition	1
portfolio benchmark	Security or other price against which the performance of the portfolio is evaluated.	rel:definition	1
term certificate of deposit	A Certificate of Deposit with a maturity duration of more than one year.	rel:definition	1
finite population	a population for which it is possible to count its units	rel:definition	1
current monetary amount	Monetary amount at the present time.	rel:definition	1
routing transit number	a unique nine digit identifier, used in the United States, to identify a banking or other financial institution to clear funds or process checks; the routing transit number, as it appears on a check, specifically denotes the banking institution that holds the account in which funds from the check are to be drawn.	rel:definition	1
basket of indices constituent	a single constituent of a basket of indices	rel:definition	1
partnership with corporate limited partners	A partnership with limited partners (partners whose liability is limited) and where those partners are necessarily non natural persons (i.e. cannot be individuals).	rel:definition	1
high price	The highest valuation over the period specified. this can be regarded as a derived price. See also note in LowPrice Difference: different rules used. May be mased on trade OR quote price Analytic or Price?? this is a derived type but with a much simpler rule.	rel:definition	1
offeree	a party that receives an offer from something from someone (i.e., an offerer) based on the terms of the offering	rel:definition	1
static cdo portfolio	A portfolio where collateral of the CDO is fixed through the life of the CDO. The reference assets are bought and then are kept untouched for the term of the product.	rel:definition	1
account holder	a party holding an account	rel:definition	1
financial instrument tax treatment	The treatment of the financial instrument for taxation purposes. This is the most general form of tax treatment for financial instruments, including cash.	rel:definition	1
relative date	a calculated date that is some duration before or after another date	rel:definition	1
relative date	A date defined in relation to some other date.	rel:definition	1
body incorporated with guarantee	Incorporated entity without share capital, and in which the liability of its members is limited to the amount each one of them undertakes to contribute at the time the firm is wound up.	rel:definition	1
date determination reference rule	A rule for determining a date or for making adjustments from a date determined by some means, to return another date, for example adjusting from a non working to a working date.	rel:definition	1
published future value	A value defined in advance in a schedule, as part of the bond terms in the prospectus. an example of this is a stepped coupon in a bond.	rel:definition	1
failure to pay principal	The failure by the Reference Entity to pay an expected principal amount or the payment of an actual principal amount that is less than the expected principal amount. Further notes: A credit event. ISDA 2003 Term: Failure to Pay Principal.' FpML full definition: 'A credit event. Corresponds to the failure by the Reference Entity to pay an expected principal amount or the payment of an actual principal amount that is less than the expected principal amount. ISDA 2003 Term: Failure to Pay Principal.'	rel:definition	1
debtor	a party that owes a debt	rel:definition	1
life analytic	Some measure of the life of a security, other than the actual time to maturity itself. This is a derived figure, based on certain parameters as appropriate to that type of instrument, to give a figure that is equivalent to and similar to the basic maturity of the instrument, for the purposes of analysing that security.	rel:definition	1
plz wibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for PLZ-WIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
trade	an agreement between parties participating in a voluntary negotiation and the exchange of goods and/or services for some consideration (e.g., desired goods and services that someone else possesses)	rel:definition	1
usd sibor sibo	the FpML floating interest index for USD-SIBOR-SIBO	rel:definition	1
dkk cibor dkna	the FpML floating interest index for DKK-CIBOR2-DKNA13	rel:definition	1
gbp libor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-6M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
energy flows delivery	Financial Transmission Rights.	rel:definition	1
semi annual reporting policy	Reports are presented twice a year.	rel:definition	1
mxn tiie banxico bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for MXN-TIIE-Banxico-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
institutional investor	an organization that trades large volumes of securities	rel:definition	1
entity controlling party	Some party which is able to direct the activities of some business entity.	rel:definition	1
call of issue	The calling back of an Issue of a Traded Security by the Issuer.	rel:definition	1
call event	an event associated with the call schedule for a debt instrument	rel:definition	1
fx forward transaction	A transaction in which cash is exchanged in two currencies at an agreed rate at an agreed date in the future.	rel:definition	1
fund processing terms	Formal terms for processing of the fund. These set out what the investor and the fund may or may not do. These include terms for redemption and subscription processing as well as general processing terms. ISO FIBIM definition: Processing characteristics linked to the instrument, ie, not to the market.	rel:definition	1
sicaf	A French fund vehicle type. Designation and definition needed.	rel:definition	1
jpy quoting banks libor	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-Quoting Banks-LIBOR	rel:definition	1
correlation leg terms	Definition needed. FpML refers to this but does not define its meaning. Correslation between two prices	rel:definition	1
credit rating agency	An entity which publishes Credit Ratings.	rel:definition	1
capital labor multifactor productivity value added	a ratio of a quantity index of value added to a quantity index of combined labor and capital input	rel:definition	1
transferable contract holder	a party that holds a transferable contract and enjoys the benefits defined in that contract while they hold it	rel:definition	1
multiple voting share	A share which confers upon the holder multiple voting rights.	rel:definition	1
property related activity	not sure if this is useful as a common class. Used for grouping of new activity terms around mortgage lending and propery purchase for now	rel:definition	1
index linked principal determination terms set	Terms for payment of the principal. These link the principal amounts to some underlying index or interest rate.	rel:definition	1
cash call option	Option to purchase cash at an agreed rate on an agreed date.	rel:definition	1
joint guaranty	Guaranty provided by two or more parties jointly and severally.	rel:definition	1
credit report category	a particular kind of credit report, often available from multiple vendors	rel:definition	1
fund unit holder	a party that holds some unit in a fund	rel:definition	1
cash closeout	Closeout of the contract in the form of the cash equivalent of the asset or commodity rather than the underlying asset or commodity itself.	rel:definition	1
currency spot mid rate	an indicative middle market (mean of spot buying and selling) rate as observed by the reporting source	rel:definition	1
fund units settlement terms convention	Default settlement terms which may apply to a fund, trading of for units in the fund and for redemption of fund units.	rel:definition	1
loan default proceeding status	The status of loan default legal proceeding at some point in time.	rel:definition	1
loss given default	The loss given some default.	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement termination provisions	Termination provisions in the OTC Derivatives Master Agreement, setting out the conditions, consequences etc. of termination of the Agreement.	rel:definition	1
loan default proceeding	[no definition] Further Review This is typically part of mortgagte servicing. THere would typically be a whole department dealing with this. Dealing with default, helping borrowers make payment Collections Default admin Foreclosure Reselling All dealt with by several sub departments. This requires subject matter experts in this area. 1. scoping Identify default as a possible state. This hands off to other business processes. Once you get into the default scenario we are talking about a proces that is going to fall into place over a period of time. The bank works out what to do with the default scenario, e.g. whether it restructures, forecloses, seeks restitution from the security (collateral). It does nto help us to understand the structure of the loan, rather tha consequences of the loan. If we were to further explore the default detail we would bring in other SMEs. And we would have to model a process flow. 1.1 impact on the pool of an MBS Loan Default Proceeding (special ase of legal thing) is an aspect of Default Management / Administratoin. there is also the State of the Loan. Sale / something / fulfilment / fiunduing / approved = servicing mode. Something happens (non payment) =&gt; Default Grace Period followed by negotiation. Some threshold whereby after a given amount of delinquency it needs to go into some other process moving towards foreclosure. Do State Diagram. Stages of loan.	rel:definition	1
commodity trading advisor	an individual or organization that directly or indirectly advises others as to the value or advisability of buying or selling futures contracts or options	rel:definition	1
collateralized obligation instrument	Pending further investigation. At present: CDO = issued against pool of securities MBS = issued against pool of individual debts (base loans) Action: identify if this is the case. Option 1: Model as it was; Option 2: Add a level of detail in between, whereby there is a pool of pools or some other such thing Option 3: this is a terminological thing only in that CDOs are never referred to as a parent of CMO for purely teerminological reasons as per ABS v MBS in which case we would add in a terminological layer.	rel:definition	1
product disclosure right	The right to information about products at the point of purchasing these.	rel:definition	1
currency specification term	Term defining the currency or currencies for payments.	rel:definition	1
corporate goal	A business goal in the furtherance of the aims and profitability of a corporation.	rel:definition	1
settlement convention	A convention for settlement of a trade or transaction.	rel:definition	1
interest payment action	Regular interest payment, only in cash, distributed to holders of an interest bearing asset. According to the terms of the issue, a bondholder may be able to elect the currency interest is paid in.	rel:definition	1
fully amortizing bond	Securities that return principal to investors throughout the life of the security are said to be fully amortizing. They are designed to closely reflect the full repayment of the underlying loans through scheduled interest and principal payments.	rel:definition	1
basis points	A basis point is a unit equal to one hundredth of a percentage point, or one part per ten thousand, 1/10000.	rel:definition	1
nzd bbr bid	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-BBR-BID	rel:definition	1
repo borrower	The borrower in the repurchase agreement.	rel:definition	1
floating rate note	A bond with a variable interest rate based on a published bank interest rate. The adjustments to the interest rate (coupon) are made periodically, usually on a quarterly or monthly basis, and are tied to a certain money-market index. Also known as a \"floater\".	rel:definition	1
equities basket index constituent	An index which makes up a part of a Basket.	rel:definition	1
point of purchase survey	a program conducted on a regular basis that provides information on purchases of various items and services by consumers	rel:definition	1
cad ba telerate	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-BA-Telerate	rel:definition	1
credit reporting agency	an organization that provides credit reports	rel:definition	1
legal holding restriction	a security restriction applicable to holding the security	rel:definition	1
calendar day type	When calculating the number of days between two dates the count includes all calendar days.	rel:definition	1
tranche non payment	Failure of a tranche of a tranched security to pay out. This may or may not be interpreted as a credit event.	rel:definition	1
base rate authority	an interest rate authority responsible for setting the base rate for a given currency, typically a central bank	rel:definition	1
marine finance contract	Contract embodying the terms under which a loan is advanced for marine finance.	rel:definition	1
european economic area branch	a branch of a credit institution authorised in another European Economic Area (EEA) country that has the right to passport its activities	rel:definition	1
valuation time type	The time of day at which the calculation agent values the underlying, for example the official closing time of the exchange.	rel:definition	1
date returned by trading date rule	a rule-determined date that is a published rule for defining the date returned by trading date	rel:definition	1
warrant exercise action	Option offered to holders to buy (call warrant) or to sell (put warrant) a specific amount of stock, cash, or commodity, at a predetermined price, during a predetermined period of time (which usually corresponds to the life of the issue). Fiurther Notes: Note this is the issuer offering the holders the opportunity to do this exercise, it is not the exercise itself - misnamed in SWIFT. SWIFT = EXWA	rel:definition	1
common interest development corporation	a not for profit corporation set up under specific state legislation as a business entity for homeowners' associations	rel:definition	1
in default	The issuer has failed to pay somthing that they are contractually obliged to pay.	rel:definition	1
quantitative amount	A measured amount of anything (material or time). This is an actual quantity of something rather than the abstract concept of the amount that something is of. Hence it is concrete not abstract.	rel:definition	1
allotment right	Privileges allotted to existing security holders, entitling them to receive new securities free of charge.	rel:definition	1
future instrument	Agreement to buy or sell a specific amount of a commodity, a currency or a financial instrument at a particular price on a stipulated future date. A futures contract obligates the buyer to purchase the underlying commodity, currency or financial instrument and the seller to sell it unless the contract is sold to another before settlement date which may happen if a trader waits to take a profit or cut a loss. Further notes: This contrasts with options trading in which the option buyer may choose whether or not to exercise the option by the exercise date. Unlike options, futures convey an obligation to buy. The risk to the holder is unlimited, and because the payoff pattern is symmetrical, the risk to the seller is unlimited as well. Dollars lost and gained by each party on a futures contract are equal and opposite. In other words, futures trading is a zero-sum game. Futures contracts are forward contracts, meaning they represent a pledge to make a certain transaction at a future date. The exchange of assets occurs on the date specified in the contract. Futures are distinguished from generic forward contracts in that they contain standardized terms, trade on a formal exchange, are regulated by overseeing agencies, and are guaranteed by clearinghouses. Also, in order to insure that payment will occur, futures have a margin requirement that must be settled daily. Finally, by making an offsetting trade, taking delivery of goods, or arranging for an exchange of goods, futures contracts can be closed. Hedgers often trade futures for the purpose of keeping price risk in check. Definition origin: Barrons, adapted by EDMC SMER.	rel:definition	1
loan balance	The outstanding balance on a loan at a particular point in time.	rel:definition	1
all borrowers monthly income	total monthly qualifying income for all borrowers on the loan	rel:definition	1
individual contact information	contact information for an individual	rel:definition	1
interbank bid rate	an interbank rate that is the interest rate at which participating banks are willing to borrow deposits from other banks	rel:definition	1
swap leg	terms defining and commitment to fulfill the future payment or cashflow requirements (e.g., interest payments, coupon payments, etc.) for one leg of a swap transaction	rel:definition	1
fixed interest amount	The Fixed Interest amount which is the parameter of the Expression. This is the only parameter in this expression.	rel:definition	1
base quantity	a quantity kind in a conventionally chosen subset of a given system of quantities, where no subset quantity can be expressed in terms of the others	rel:definition	1
nok nibor nibr reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for NOK-NIBOR-NIBR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
court appointed control	Control conferred on some entity by act of some court, for example in the context of receivership.	rel:definition	1
date roll rule	A rule to apply when a date returned by some date specification or parametric schedule specification results in a non working day.	rel:definition	1
credit message	a textual annotation on a credit report to notify a reviewer of special or exceptional information	rel:definition	1
equity voting rights terms	Terms setting out the voting rights of the Holder.	rel:definition	1
debt securities market maker	An actor which has the role of Market Maker in a given market.	rel:definition	1
derivative contract party	a party to a derivative instrument	rel:definition	1
default event	Event in which something is not paid that should be.	rel:definition	1
difference	a quantity by which amounts differ; the remainder left after subtraction of one value from another	rel:definition	1
functional business entity	a business entity defined in terms of its function	rel:definition	1
financial commitment counterparty	Some party with which the company has entered into some formal financial commitments.	rel:definition	1
equity index option otc contract	An option in which the underlyer is an equity index.	rel:definition	1
derivatives delivery physical	Delivery means physically delivering the underlying asset on the agreed date. Term in an options or futures contract which requires the actual underlying asset to be delivered upon the specified delivery date, rather than being traded out with offsetting contracts.	rel:definition	1
coupon strip notification	"THis will result in two securities where previously there was one. REVIEW: precise details for the relation between the stripped instrument and the traded interest and principal components (does one of the remain the same security, or are two new securities created and one retired?); also account for recombination. SWIFT full text: \""Coupon stripping is the process whereby interest coupons for future payment dates are separated from the security corpus that entitles the holder to the principal repayment.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
coupon strip notification	""Notification that the debt security is to be stripped, that is that interest coupons for future payment dates are separated from the security corpus that entitles the holder to the principal repayment."	rel:definition	1
eur euronia ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EURONIA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
draft document	A document which is self identified as being a draft for a later formal iteration of this same document as a formal document, formal contract or other formal document.	rel:definition	1
consumer	a person that is the ultimate user of a product or service	rel:definition	1
stub length	The length of the Stub Period as a temporal duration (a number of days).	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap eurex lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-3M EURIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
option contract on futures	Future options are the most common type of equity derivative. They provide the right, but not the obligation to trade a quantity of futures instruments at a set price at a future time.	rel:definition	1
brl cdi	the FpML floating interest index for BRL-CDI	rel:definition	1
lookback strike observable	The agreed parameter which is used in the formula for fixed OR floating lookback.	rel:definition	1
interest rate adjustment	"The SWIFT definition as given defines the notification of the interest rate change, not the adjustment. Adjusted to describe the event. REVIEW: Is this really an action? Usually consider that it's expected. Given definition was for the announcement. SWIFT full definition \""Announcement of the current coupon rate for a floating or adjustable rate security.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
interest rate adjustment	variable coupon bond	rel:relatesTo.13	1
interest rate adjustment	""Scheduled change to the coupon rate for a floating or adjustable rate security."	rel:definition	1
pooled fund	a pool of funds that a group of investors combines for common benefit	rel:definition	1
ffiec down prepay speed	Public Securities Association (PSA) speed used for the underlying collateral for cash-flow calculations in the \"down 300\" scenario.	rel:definition	1
tax withholding obligation	An obligation with regard to the payment of taxes.	rel:definition	1
bond pool	A pool investment consisting of a collection of Bonds.	rel:definition	1
international depositary receipt	Certificate which represent ownership of an underlying Equity.	rel:definition	1
regulatory rule	A rule which has compliance mandates backed by some Government, with associated lenalties.	rel:definition	1
skk bribor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SKK-BRIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
put action	The putting of some debt security back to its issuer by the holder	rel:definition	1
ethnicity	a category based on a cultural factors, including nationality, regional culture, ancestry, and language	rel:definition	1
chartered legal person	a legal person created by a royal charter or decree	rel:definition	1
account specific service agreement	a service-agreement that is account-specific, applicable in cases where a client holds multiple accounts with differing terms and conditions	rel:definition	1
monetary price	a price that that is expressed as a monetary amount	rel:definition	1
quote price	A price quoted for the purchase or sale of a security.	rel:definition	1
loan drawdown	An amount of money, drawn down by one party (the borrower) from a credit tranche made available by another party (the lender) at a specific point in time. Formal terms for the loan are defined in a Loan Contract.	rel:definition	1
licensee	a party to whom a license has been granted	rel:definition	1
licensee	The holder of a license such as a software license.	rel:definition	1
isk reibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for ISK-REIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
funds	monetary resources associated with a currency	rel:definition	1
securitized mortgage pool	A mortgage pool which is securitized as part of the issue of some mortgage backed security.	rel:definition	1
interbank rate	a reference rate that is the rate of interest charged on short-term loans between banks	rel:definition	1
eur tec cno	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TEC10-CNO	rel:definition	1
organization member	identifies that which has a membership role in some organization	rel:definition	1
securities regulation	a regulation codified in law specific to securities and investments	rel:definition	1
futures listing	A listing of a futures instrument on a derivatives exchange.	rel:definition	1
yield spread	the spread between the yields of two items	rel:definition	1
interest rate swap leg	the components specifiying an interest rate stream, including both a parametric and cashflow representation for the stream of payments	rel:definition	1
statistical population	a statistical universe filtered by time and region	rel:definition	1
floating rate note date rule	a business day adjustment rule applied to floating-rate note instruments	rel:definition	1
zero coupon bond	A debt security that doesn't pay interest (a coupon) but is traded at a deep discount, rendering profit at maturity when the bond is redeemed for its full face value.	rel:definition	1
synthetic cdo portfolio constituent	An instrument which is defined as a constituent of a synthetic pool of instruments. These are not holdings because they are not held, but in all other respects they are the constituents of the portfolio.	rel:definition	1
individual person credit rating	was Borrower Credit Rating	rel:definition	1
broker	any party that acts as an intermediary between a buyer and a seller, usually charging a commission	rel:definition	1
tender offer notification	"Generally, the objective of a tender is to take control of the target company. SWIFT whole text: \""Offer made to shareholders, normally by a third party, requesting them to sell (tender) their shares for a specified price usually at a premium over prevailing market prices. Generally, the objective of a tender is to take control of the target company.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
tender offer notification	""Notification of an offer made to shareholders, normally by a third party, requesting them to sell (tender) their shares for a specified price usually at a premium over prevailing market prices."	rel:definition	1
average earnings	a measure of the average wage an hourly or salaried worker makes in a given period of time	rel:definition	1
equity index option strike terms set	The strike price in respect of an index option transaction, is the level of the relevant index specified or otherwise determined in the transaction; This can be expressed either as a percentage of notional amount or as an absolute value.	rel:definition	1
cds party	Either party to a Credit Default Swap contract.	rel:definition	1
open end loan contract	a loan contract for a line of credit where a borrower may take money and pay it back up to an agreed limit, and interest is charged only on the amount that remains, which may be paid off at any time within the period of the line.	rel:definition	1
bank qualified tax exemption	Whether or not a municipal reasonably expects to issue in the calendar year of such offering no more than $10 million par amount of bonds of the type required to be included in making such calculation under the Internal Revenue Code.	rel:definition	1
idr semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
land parcel	Some parcel or subdivision of land.	rel:definition	1
nic registry entry	an entry in the the National Information Center (NIC) repository, a repository of financial data and institution characteristics collected by the Federal Reserve System	rel:definition	1
reference document	a document that provides pertinent details for consultation about a subject	rel:definition	1
catalog	a list of goods and/or services available for sale with their description and possibly prices, published as a printed or  electronic document (e-catalog)	rel:definition	1
security agreement	an agreement between two trading parties that contains information about their relative duties and rights regarding the disposition of a specified asset that has been used as collateral	rel:definition	1
offering	The process step of offering a security for issue. This is the making available of a new securities issue through an underwriting.	rel:definition	1
ordinary share	A security that represents ownership in a corporation. Holders of common share exercise control by electing a board of directors and voting on corporate policy.	rel:definition	1
neighborhood subdivision	A block or subdivision within some residential area, commonly designated sa such for the purposes of addressing and containing within it some streets and / or residential blocks.	rel:definition	1
usd libor bba	the FpML floating interest index for USD-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual currency basis swap rate tullett prebon	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Currency Basis Swap Rate-16:00-Tullett Prebon	rel:definition	1
option feature	Types of feature for an option. This itemizes whether the option comes into force (Knock In) or ceases being in force (Knock Out) when the stated event occurs.	rel:definition	1
document information	Information about a document which is not in the document.	rel:definition	1
otc derivative master agreement representation	Representations by one or other party in the Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
otc product	an over-the-counter derivative, made up of one or more transactions, with a corresponding contract or contracts	rel:definition	1
domestic ultimate parent	an organization that is recognized as the ultimate parent of a given company within the country or jurisdiction of incorporation; this relationship may or may not be present, i.e. in the case of a company that has no parent	rel:definition	1
date period	a time span over one or more calendar days, defined by at least two of three properties: (1) a start date, (2) an end date, and (3) a date period (duration); if more than one of these properties is missing, the DatePeriod is invalid	rel:definition	1
lender lien position	a category indicating whether the lender has the primary lien position	rel:definition	1
call option writing party	The Party which is the writer of the Call Option. This party has the obligation to transact as the Seller of the Option Underlying.	rel:definition	1
aud bbr aubbsw	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-BBR-AUBBSW	rel:definition	1
better or worse of assets payout commitment	A commitment to pay out on the best or worst of a number of assets.	rel:definition	1
dwelling capacity	a category indicating how many dwellings some property has	rel:definition	1
put option buyer	The Party which is the buyer of the Put Option. This party has the option but not the obligation to transact as the Seller of the Option Underlying.	rel:definition	1
organization name change	The issuing company changes it's name. Event shows the change from old name to new name and may involve surrendering physical shares with the old name to the registrar. SWIFT = NAME	rel:definition	1
credit report	a report describing the creditworthiness and related credit attributes of a borrower.	rel:definition	1
percentage value	A percentage value is a numeric value representing a rate, number, or amount in each hundred.	rel:definition	1
percentage value	the value of a percentage expressed as a number or ratio as a fraction of 100	rel:definition	1
commitment	A legal construct which represents the undertaking on the part of some party to act or refrain from acting in some manner.	rel:definition	1
share value increase notification	"May include a capital payout to shareholder. \nFurther Notes:SWIFT Full Text: \""Increase of the share capital. The face value of the single share is changed without modification of the number of shares in circulation. May include a capital payout to shareholder.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
share value increase notification	""Notification of an increase of the share capital. The face value of the single share is changed without modification of the number of shares in circulation."	rel:definition	1
calculation agent adjustment method	The calculation agent has the right to adjust the terms following a corporate event	rel:definition	1
financial holding company	a financial entity engaged in a broad range of banking-related activities, created by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999	rel:definition	1
issuer corporate action notification message	Notification of an action by the issuer of the security.	rel:definition	1
advice of possible action	Advice - action voluntary This includes a number of things, it's not always clear why these things are here.	rel:definition	1
urban consumer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the average change over time in the prices paid by urban consumers for a market basket of consumer goods and services	rel:definition	1
rub ruonia ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-RUONIA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
cashflow structure	The source of funds for the CDO is cashflow. this means that cash flows from collateral are used to pay principal and interest to investors.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle occurrence	a realization of a product lifecycle	rel:definition	1
financial product catalog	a catalog of financial products and/or services available for sale with their description and other product details	rel:definition	1
government minister	a person appointed or elected to a high office in the government	rel:definition	1
otc transaction	an over-the-counter transaction to exchange an instrument for some consideration	rel:definition	1
registration scheme	a scheme for organizing information and allocating identifiers to items in a registry	rel:definition	1
agricultural product	A commodity which is some agrigultural product, including grain, fruit and meat.	rel:definition	1
contractual capability	the capacity to enter into legally binding contracts	rel:definition	1
account	a container for records associated with a business arrangement for regular dealings or services (such as personal or professional services, banking)	rel:definition	1
best efforts offering	a securities offering that is sold on a best efforts, rather than firm commitment, basis, whereby investment bankers commit to doing their best to sell the securities offered, but do not assume the full risk of an underwriter	rel:definition	1
russian yield calculation method	The method used in determining Yield in the Russian markets. This is based on an effective yield with fundamentally different math. To give an example of the use of a different \"yield type\", we have Russia, which trades based on an effective yield. The price-yield math is fundamentally different. Notes Origin:Fidessa Uses a trade space and effective yield formula. MAy have same day types but different math.	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement early termination right	Right or one or other party to the Master Agreement to termination the Agreement early.	rel:definition	1
investment bank	a financial service provider that performs a variety of services. Investment banks specialize in large and complex financial transactions such as underwriting, acting as an intermediary between a securities issuer and the investing public, facilitating mergers and other corporate reorganizations, and acting as a broker and/or financial adviser for institutional clients.	rel:definition	1
equity future standardized terms set	A set of standard terms for equity futures contracts, as set out by the derivatives exchange. Equity Futures contracts issued by and traded on that exchange will take on these terms or override them.	rel:definition	1
loan property collateral	Property Assets pledged to a lender until a loan is repaid. Further notes: This provides one means by which some extension of finance (such as a loan, debt or equity issue) is under-written.	rel:definition	1
single coupon terms set	A set of coupon terms which remain the same through the life of the Bond. This is the default and is the case when there is not a Step Coupon or Conditional Coupon.	rel:definition	1
aud bbr isdc	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-BBR-ISDC	rel:definition	1
student loan active status	The status of the Student Loan at a given point in time, during the phase where it is active (the disbursement phase).	rel:definition	1
pool factor	How much of the original pool is still outstanding. This is a number below one. Expressed as percentage.	rel:definition	1
mbs deal prospectus	Prospectus describing the terms of the issue and each of the instruments included in the mortgage backed security issue. Term origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
constitutional de jure control	Control which is based in some instrument which has constitutional standing (is constitutive of the entity) such as voting shares, general partner equity etc.	rel:definition	1
agency mbs pool	A pool investment consisting of a collection of Agency MBS instruments.	rel:definition	1
borrowing capacity	an amount of money that an individual or organization can borrow	rel:definition	1
contract party	a party to the contract, that is a contractually capable person or organization which is a signatory to the contract, and which grants or concedes certain rights and obligations as defined in the contract	rel:definition	1
signatory capacity	the capacity of some natural person to sign agreements on the part of some organization or legal person	rel:definition	1
transaction party	Some entity which takes part in some transaction by receiving and/or parting with some item of economic value or some payment or both.	rel:definition	1
entity status	a lifecycle stage indicating the operational and/or legal status of an entity as specified in a given business registry for that entity	rel:definition	1
agreement corporation	a corporation chartered by a state to engage in international banking, so named because the corporation enters into an 'agreement' with the Fed's Board of Governors that it will limit its activities to those permitted	rel:definition	1
abs deal	The issue of a series of Cash Asset Backed Security certificates.	rel:definition	1
registration address	an address for an organization used to register that organization in any registry, such as its legal address, headquarters address, a local address used to obtain a license or pay taxes in some jurisdiction, etc.	rel:definition	1
credit curve to use	This is a working note from ongoing reviews.	rel:definition	1
credit report response	the act of responding to a credit report request	rel:definition	1
central counterparty clearing house	a clearing house that helps facilitate trading in derivatives and equities markets	rel:definition	1
static cdo	A CDO where collateral is fixed through the life of the CDO. The reference assets are bought and then are kept untouched for the term of the product.	rel:definition	1
cdo pool	A pool of CDO securities. The underlying of the CDO Squared is a pool of CDO instruments.	rel:definition	1
contingent obligation	Some obligation set out by some contract or by law, mandated upon some party.	rel:definition	1
private equity holding	A holding of private equity.	rel:definition	1
syndicated loan participation note	Loan Participation Note: A fixed-income security that permits investors to buy portions of an outstanding loan or package of loans. LPN holders participate, on a pro rata basis, in collecting interest and principal payments. Banks or other financial institutions often enter into loan participation agreements with local businesses, and also offer loan participation notes as a type of short-term investment.	rel:definition	1
fund bond class unit	A fund unit which takes the form of debt in that fund.	rel:definition	1
interest strip	A Debt Instrument which consists of the interest component alone, of a Debt Security.	rel:definition	1
informal organization	An organization which is not formally constituted in some way.	rel:definition	1
stake	The holding of some portion of some venture or something of value, by some party. The stake may be represented by some form of formal document such as a share or some debt unit.	rel:definition	1
oil delivery	Delivery of oil.	rel:definition	1
one vote per holder	Voting rights limited rights to one vote per person, or institution, to avoid any party taking control. Further notes: Not in ISO FIBIM selection. Identified from new article on UK building societies. Note that further types of voting rights can be defined any time in the prospectus for a new security. Original Article quotation: \"Adrian Coles, director general of the Building Societies Association, said it would be helpful if building societies could issue shares to investors to raise funds, but limit voting rights to one vote per person, or institution, to avoid any party taking control. Article Source:article on Profit Participating Deferred Shares in relation to West Bromwich Building society By Philip Aldrick,[citation missing], 12 June 2009	rel:definition	1
eur isda euribor swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-11:00	rel:definition	1
commodity warrant exercise terms	Terms setting out how a commodity warrant may be exercised, including the form which delivery takes.	rel:definition	1
requirement	Something that must be done or refrained from	rel:definition	1
annualized performance determination method	Annualized performance determination.	rel:definition	1
instrument aggregate loan analytic	Parameters that describe some feature of loan pools or mortgage pools, aggregated and defined at the level of the instrument (i.e. the tranche or class of security within the issue).	rel:definition	1
portfolio manager	Person or entity responsible for day to day investment decisions for a fund or asset.	rel:definition	1
option premium payment arrangement	Premium Type for Forward Start Equity Options.	rel:definition	1
non rolling date	an explicit date that equates to a calendar date with no adjustments and with no reference to any date specification	rel:definition	1
ownership interest type	a category indicating the nature of the applicant's or borrower's ownership or leasehold interest in the land where the manufactured home is located.	rel:definition	1
mxn tiie banxico reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for MXN-TIIE-Banxico-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
try tryibor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for TRY-TRYIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
equity price quotation method	How a price is quoted.	rel:definition	1
apartment	A building subbdivision intended for habitation.	rel:definition	1
capitalization issue	A general kind of issue which increases the capital base of the company. Other kinds of issue: Like a Bonus Issue except that it would increase the capital. There could be several events which could be considered as Capitalization Issues. 25 May Later research: Scrip or Bonus issue is seen to be synonymous with this but more accurate. However, we question this - if you have the chance to purchase shares at a particular price (which is a right) would extend the definition of .. 20 July: this could have a broader meaning than Capital reserves Distribution It would include distribution of capital and trying to raise capital by additional capital injection Example: If the company issues bonds, that also changes the capital base. Now to change the capital base, there are two directions, up or down. Bonus issue falls into the above because you are increasing the capital base. A rights issue also increateses the capital base. Distributions of capital has the opposite effect. Paying out cash to reduce those items that are in your reserves. the reserves are greater than you need so you pay out cash on those. Labeling: capitalization implies the creation of capital so only suggests an increase the capital base	rel:definition	1
offering document	The type of document that is required to be sent in an Offering to make the securities in the Offering eligible at (for example) DTC.	rel:definition	1
fund processing general terms	Formal terms for general processing of the fund. These set out what the investor and the fund may or may not do.	rel:definition	1
simple return stream	A leg defining the returns on an underlying instrument, namely the interest payments on a debt instrument or the dividends on an equity.	rel:definition	1
active	Security is actively traded	rel:definition	1
supranational entity	a type of multinational political union where negotiated power is delegated to an authority by governments of member states	rel:definition	1
idr sbi reuters	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-SBI-Reuters	rel:definition	1
partnership equity	equity in some partnership	rel:definition	1
abs deal prospectus	Prospectus describing the terms of the issue and each of the instruments included in the asset backed security issue.	rel:definition	1
thb thbfix reuters	the FpML floating interest index for THB-THBFIX-Reuters	rel:definition	1
standards body	An organization dedicated exclusively to the propagation of standards.	rel:definition	1
property valuation	The activity whereby some real estats is valued by some agent, for some purpose (for example, for the purpose of granting or denoying a loan).	rel:definition	1
property inspection	the act of analyzing one or more aspects of a real property for independent assessment of status or deficiency	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor hkab	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-HIBOR-HKAB	rel:definition	1
cdo squared instrument	CDOs where the underlying asset pool is CDOs.	rel:definition	1
sole proprietorship	an unincorporated business owned by a single person	rel:definition	1
calculation agent	The entity which carries out the valuation of an underlying asset, or from which the valuation of the underlying is to be taken.	rel:definition	1
debt pool analytical parameter	A measure of some aspect of some pool of debt, such as a pool of loans or a pool of securitized debt products.	rel:definition	1
exchange offer notification	"Exchange offers are usually voluntary. Full SWIFT Definition text: \""Exchange offer; Capital reorganisation. Offer to shareholders to exchange their holdings for other securities and/or cash. Exchange offers are usually voluntary.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
exchange offer notification	""Notification of an offer to shareholders to exchange their holdings for other securities and/or cash."	rel:definition	1
reference sovereign bill	A Treasury Note or other sovereign debt the interest of which is used as a reference rate.	rel:definition	1
underlying issuer	A party which is the issuer of a Covered Warrant. This party is by definition the issuer of the underlying securities.	rel:definition	1
variable interest rate	an interest rate that is allowed to vary over the maturity of a loan or other debt instrument	rel:definition	1
capital distribution notification	Notification of an action in which capital of the issuing company is distributed.	rel:definition	1
warrant listing	The listing of a warrant on a securities exchange. Action: confirm whether all the facts shown for listing of tradable securities generally, apply to the listing of a warrant. Also determine whether any of the terms in Listing need to be specialized or added to for Warrant Listing.	rel:definition	1
usd cmt	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CMT-T7052	rel:definition	1
exchange traded equity index option	Equity Index options offer the investor an opportunity to either capitalize on an expected market move or to protect holdings in the underlying instruments. The difference is that the underlying instruments are indexes.	rel:definition	1
tradable debt instrument	a debt instrument that is also a security, i.e., that can be bought and sold by the holder	rel:definition	1
priority issue	Form of open or public offer where priority is given to existing shareholders due to limited amount of securities available in the offer. Shareholders can buy a type of security during a short period of time.	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-HIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
term deposit	A money deposit at a bank that cannot be withdrawn for a certain \"term\" or period of time. When the term is over it can be withdrawn or it can be held for another term. The longer the term the better the yield on the money. A certificate of deposit is a time deposit product.	rel:definition	1
credit extension	A service whereby credit is extended from the service provider to some party i.e. a borrower.	rel:definition	1
investment advisor	The party that provides investment guidance at a fee. Definition origin:EFAMA DD	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-ICAP	rel:definition	1
public shareholder	a shareholder that holds publicly issued shares in a listed company	rel:definition	1
floor determination	The Observable rate is to be subtracted from the Strike rate on the reset date, to determine the settlement amount. Floor: I am an investor and I am specifying the minimum return I will get for that investment.	rel:definition	1
primary investor	A party which becomes the primary investor in the issue, by purchasing some of the tranches of the issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
draft	A draft is a legally binding order by one party (the drawer) to a second party (the drawee) to make payment to a third party (the payee). A simple example is a bank check -which is simply an order directing a bank to pay a third party. The three parties don't have to be distinct. For example, someone might write himself a check as a simple means of transferring funds from one bank account to another. In this case, the drawer and payee are the same person. When a draft guarantees payment for goods in international trade, it is called a bill of exchange. A draft can require immediate payment by the second party to the third upon presentation of the draft. This is called a sight draft. Checks are sight drafts. In trade, drafts often are for deferred payment. An importer might write a draft promising payment to an exporter for delivery of goods with payment to occur 60 days after the goods are delivered. Such drafts are called time drafts. They are said to mature on the payment date. In this example, the importer is both the drawer and the drawee. Definition source: riskglossary.com	rel:definition	1
worst call date	The worst date on which the instrument might be called.	rel:definition	1
analytics calculation model	A model used for formal calculation of parameters.	rel:definition	1
usd treasury rate icap broker tec	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Treasury Rate-ICAP BrokerTec	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle stage occurrence	an instance of a phase in an occurrence of a given trade lifecycle	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle event	a kind of event that occurs during one or more stages of a product lifecycle	rel:definition	1
interest rate option	An option on some underlying interest rate. If the option is exercised, delivery is in the frorm of the corresponding interest rate future.	rel:definition	1
set of equity index constituents observable	An observable (underlying) which is made up of a set of constituents of an index.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap eurex lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-3M EURIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
lead manager	The manager of the syndicated loan is the party whic horganizes the potential lenders into a syndicate and arranges the details of the or any potential loan.	rel:definition	1
trust agreement	Formal agreement through which a trustor vests the ownership rights (title) to one or more assets to one or more trustees for conservation and protection on behalf of one or more beneficiaries of the trust. It normally states the (1) purpose for which the trust was established and fulfillment of which will terminate the trust, (2) details of the assets placed in the trust, (3) powers and limitations of the trustees, their reporting requirements, and other associated provisions, and (4) may also specify the trustees' compensation, if any. A trust agreement involving real estate requires its exact description and the trustor's express, written consent to create the trust to be valid. A will admitted to probate may also act like a trust agreement.	rel:definition	1
contractual restriction	contract terms setting out restrictions on either the holder or the issuer of the security, as specified in the terms of the instrument itself	rel:definition	1
bond insurance	Insurance on bond.	rel:definition	1
fund debt	Debt issued by a Fund.	rel:definition	1
allotment right formula	A formula used to calculate the number of securities for an Allotment Right, based on the number of these instruments that the holder holds. Conesnsus:Review	rel:definition	1
exchange options price	options prices types: Bid Ask There is also a bid/ask spread exchange will quote option price as a premium rate. e.g. I ill pay you 2% of face value of underlying trade. That turns into a price (Premium = face x that 2%). OTC uses volatility to get to premium value.	rel:definition	1
combined ltv ratio percent	the ratio of the total amount of debt that is secured by the property to the value of the property relied on.	rel:definition	1
draft tranche notes parameters	Draft of set of information defining the notes breakdown of one tranche. covers denominations and amounts that you can byu of the instrument in this tranche. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
construction loan credit facility tranche	A loan taken out for construction purposes. Further notes: These are a temporary loan. when the construction is finished then that loan is transformed to another loan, which would be a permanent loan. Information to follow on what the new permanent loan would be. Terms are adjusted in the new loan, since in construction loans the rates are significantly higher. This is an incentive to complete the construction works. Notes from PoC reviews, discussing Maximum Balance concept: In a Construction Loan you agree a maximum amount that you could draw. As you progress with the construction you continue to draw more and more. So you start with the minimum. Example: for purpose of construction of a house you could need to borrow up to 500K and the bank establishes the milestones at which certain amounts are made availalbe and can be drawn. For instance prior to start you might draw 10%, (50K); the next 50K would be available to draw only once the foundations are laid. And so on. Milestones may include \"Frame standing\" (for American-style frame based houses). Each stage requires inspection on behalf of the bank. So you are starting with no more than 10% (in this example) of what is allowable, and could arrive to the full 500K by the end of ths construction but it is not mandated that you arrive to that. What differentiates a Construction Loan is that there si a max amount specified and there are Milestones specified in which the amounts for each milestone can be advanced.	rel:definition	1
option volatility	A measure of the fluctuation in the market price of the underlying security. Mathematically, volatility is the annualized standard deviation of returns. More generally: A measure of stock price fluctuation. Mathematically the volatility is the annualized standard deviation of a stock's daily price changes	rel:definition	1
business center	a municipality where business is conducted, especially one that is considered a financial center	rel:definition	1
contractual date specification	The specification of a date in a contract.	rel:definition	1
household	an individual or small group of persons who occupy a housing unit (such as a house or apartment) as their usual place of residence, who pool some, or all, of their income and wealth and who consume certain types of goods and services collectively, mainly housing and food	rel:definition	1
tranched mbs primary deal transaction settlement process	The process by which the primary deal transaction is settled. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
fund management company	The party that sets up the fund, decides the investment strategy, appoints the agents, and is responsible for the promotion and the marketing of the fund. It makes all of the important decisions related to the fund. Also called fund promotor or fund sponsor or fund manager.	rel:definition	1
junior equity	The most junior class of equity issued by a company. On the event of the company being wound up, holders of this class of equity have a call on the assets of the company only after the more senior classes of equity.	rel:definition	1
skk bribor brbo	the FpML floating interest index for SKK-BRIBOR-BRBO	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
vostro account	Your account with us.	rel:definition	1
federal funds rate	a reference rate that is the interest rate at which a depository institution lends funds maintained at the Federal Reserve to another depository institution overnight	rel:definition	1
hkd honix ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-HONIX-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
price volatility specification	The specification of an option price in terms of its volatility, that being a measure of the variability of the price of the transaction over which the beneficiary of the option has control.	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs instrument	A security in which the cash flows from the underlying asset pool are passed through to the investor by way of redemption payments.	rel:definition	1
pac class	Planned Amortization Class tranche. PAC-2 refers to a support tranche that is given a scheduled payment structure like a PAC bond.	rel:definition	1
swap dealer	a financial service provider that holds itself out as a dealer in swaps; makes a market in swaps; regularly enters into swaps with counterparties as an ordinary course of business for its own account; or engages in any activity causing the person to be commonly known in the trade as a dealer or market maker in swaps	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
idr idma bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-IDMA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
party holding some option for control	Some party holding the option to exercise some de jure controlling interest	rel:definition	1
scheduled payment	a scheduled payment occurrence that is part of a payment schedule covering the term of the loan	rel:definition	1
swaption exercise procedrure	Procedure for the exercise of the Swaption.	rel:definition	1
information	Information in any of its forms.	rel:definition	1
certificate	Some formal written document prepared by some party which is typically regarded as an authority in the subject matter, setting out some formal position in respect of some other party, which may be used by that party as a point of reference about that subject matter to the world at large.	rel:definition	1
measured thing	Any Independent Thing. This is included as a separate term only so that we can refer to the trivial fact that all Independent Things have any number of properties, without cluttering the Independent Thing itself. This is for the modeling of reference entities. Note that the measurable quantity should be replaced with the actual parent property in all cases. DO NOT USE THIS TERM ELSEWHERE	rel:definition	1
registered address	a physical address used by an entity for registration purposes and where legal papers may be served	rel:definition	1
debt drawing notification	Redemption in part before the scheduled final maturity date of a security. SWIFT = DRAW	rel:definition	1
deliverable obligation	An asset which is to be delivered as settlement of a CDS deal.	rel:definition	1
partial defeasance action	"From Free dictionary: Both the borrower's debt and the offsetting cash or bonds are removed from the balance sheet. In securities trading, where a clearing house becomes counterparty to each side of a trade, after the trade has been agreed. This is necessary to facilitate netting, and reduce counterparty risk exposure. The term has become popular recently, because of the growth of central counterparty clearing services in European cash equities markets. Origin: http://financial-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/defeasance SWIFT: Term:PDEF; \""Partial Defeasance/Prefunding\"" Definition:\""Issuer has money set aside to redeem a portion of an issue and the indenture states that the securities could be called earlier than the stated maturity.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
partial defeasance action	""The setting aside by a borrower of cash or bonds sufficient to service the borrower's debt."	rel:definition	1
contract third party	someone who may be indirectly involved but is not a principal party to an arrangement, contract, deal, lawsuit, or transaction	rel:definition	1
ordinary dividend terms	Formal terms about the Dividend payments on an Ordinary Share.	rel:definition	1
memorandum	A semi-formal communication from one party to one or more other parties, communicating some information to them and identifying the fact that this has been communicated.	rel:definition	1
determination event	An Event in which some amount or other parameter is determined, independently of any other event in which that which was determined is put into use. For example, the event by which interest is determined, as distinct from the event by which interest is paid on a different date or time.	rel:definition	1
issued security issue information	Information about the Issuance of a Security, which is maintained throughout the life of the Security.	rel:definition	1
issued security issue information	"FIBIM: \""Elements relating to issue preparation/bringing to market (also known as primary market or Initial Public Offering (IPO) issuance) through to issue date.\""	rel:definition	1
issued security issue information	issue payment schedule	rel:hasPartiallyPaidIssuanceSchedule	1
issued security issue information	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
legally incorporated partnership member	""a party that is a member or partner in a legally incorporated partnership such as an LLC or LLP"	rel:definition	1
partnership with general partners	a partnership that has two or more general partners	rel:definition	1
debt securities issuance	SPV set up to issue debt instruments such as for structured finance.	rel:definition	1
usd isdafix swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-ISDAFIX3-Swap Rate-3:00	rel:definition	1
maturity	The period remaining until an instrument reaches the end of its life.	rel:definition	1
producer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the rate of change over time in the prices of goods and services bought and sold by producers	rel:definition	1
usd tbill secondary market	the FpML floating interest index for USD-TBILL-Secondary Market	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle stage occurrence	an instance of a phase in an occurrence of a given product lifecycle	rel:definition	1
commercial activity	the context of carrying out trade and other commercial, i.e., for-profit activities	rel:definition	1
branch	a part of a business organization or company, identified as a branch	rel:definition	1
non negotiable security	a security that is not transferable to another party	rel:definition	1
issued and securitized pool of individual debts	A pool of individual debts (such as loans or mortgages) which is securitized as part of the issue of some security.	rel:definition	1
usd cms reference banks icap swap px	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CMS-Reference Banks-ICAP SwapPX	rel:definition	1
settlement terms	contract terms that define the commitment to and mechanism for settling one or more sides of a transaction	rel:definition	1
all or none choice corporate action	A Mandator Corporate Action with some choice for the Holder, where the Holder's options are limited to all of the stated choices or none of them.	rel:definition	1
closed end loan contract	a loan contract that has an amount borrowed for a fixed amount of time, and is not considered open ended	rel:definition	1
redemption provision	a contract provision enabling the issuer (writer) to regain possession through repayment of some stipulated price	rel:definition	1
convertible preference share	A Preferred Share which is convertible into another security.	rel:definition	1
organization contact information	contact information for an organization	rel:definition	1
thb semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for THB-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
gas delivery	Delivery of fuel gas.	rel:definition	1
agency jump tranche	A Jump Z tranche is like a Z tranche but if there is some sort of trigger event reached then the holders of the Jump Z tranche will begin to receive payments. Regular non-Sticky Jump Z tranches maintain their changed status only while the trigger event is in effect, and revert to their old payment status once the trigger event has passed.	rel:definition	1
zar deposit reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-DEPOSIT-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
debt offer issue	An Issue of one or more debt securities, as all or part of an Offering of securities to the market.	rel:definition	1
mathematical quantity	Some mathematical quantity which is to be expressed in some way. This is not itself an expression.	rel:definition	1
quoted exchange rate	an exchange rate quoted at a specific point in time, for a given block amount of currency as quoted against another (base) currency	rel:definition	1
independent party	any person or organization capable of performing any business party role, such as an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a joint-stock company, a business trust, or an unincorporated organization	rel:definition	1
formal controlled document	A formal document which has applied to it some degree of formal control including version management, as defined within some pre-defined document control process.	rel:definition	1
formula	a general fact or rule expressed in letters and symbols; may consist of one or more expressions	rel:definition	1
national identification number	a number or text which appears on an identity document issued by a country or jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
controlled thing	thing over which some party exercises some form of control in some context	rel:definition	1
equal treatment right	The right to equal treatment under the law.	rel:definition	1
pac class	Planned Amortization Class tranche. Additional support tranche with scheduled payments.	rel:definition	1
current ordinary share dividend	Dividend at the present time.	rel:definition	1
thing in role	a thing-in-role is a relative concept that ties some thing to a role it plays in a given situational context	rel:definition	1
special purpose vehicle	A Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) set up specifically to issue a security or securities. It is set up by a company or a group of companies for some purpose such as to create instruments that are off the company's balance sheet or to issue Participation Notes for investors in another jurisdiction. The SPV is formed for a specific reason and exists for a specific period of time and is then disbanded. Further notes: Special Purpose Vehicles are also referred to as bankruptcy remote entities, as they isolate financial risk. For Participation Notes: slightly different purpose but the same kind of vehicle. The only investment made by the SPV is that they buy in the stock. These are the same kind of entity in all of the contexts in which they exist.	rel:definition	1
loan prepayment formula	The formula which embodies the model for loan pool prepayment speed.	rel:definition	1
report	a document organized in a narrative, graphic, or tabular form, prepared on ad hoc, periodic, recurring, regular, or as required basis	rel:definition	1
location	Anything that can be defined as the answer to a question of the form, Where is...?	rel:definition	1
loan age	The age of the loan.	rel:definition	1
option barrier feature event	An event which defines when an option feature comes into effect.	rel:definition	1
disbursement response message	Message conveying the response by a holder to some choice of disbursement method, as offered by the issuer in some corporate action.	rel:definition	1
tribal area	a designation for an area of land managed by a group of indigenous people (tribe) rather than by the sovereign state or regional governmental entity in which the tribal area is geographically located	rel:definition	1
equity valuation	The act of valuation of an equity underlying (share, basket or index) during the life of an OTC equity option or forward.	rel:definition	1
twd taibor bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-TAIBOR-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
meeting	A Management Event in which stakeholders meet one another either face to face or through some electronic or voice medium, in order to process some management activity (the Agenda).	rel:definition	1
mortgage collateral	Mortgage Debt Assets pledged to a lender until a loan is repaid. Further notes: This provides one means by which some extension of finance (such as a loan, debt or equity issue) is under-written.	rel:definition	1
loan borrower commitment	The commitment of a given borrower to be a borrower and to repay this loan.	rel:definition	1
jpy tsr reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TSR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
commodity forward contract	Definition needed.	rel:definition	1
regulation	a securities regulation defining an exemption through which corporations can issue unregistered securities to qualified foreign investors and foreign institutions	rel:definition	1
usd ois bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for USD-OIS-3:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
call action	Note this is an Issuer action.	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
lending commitment	Some commitment to enter into some lending arrangement at some point in the future.	rel:definition	1
prospectus	a formal, written offering document to sell securities that provides the facts an investor needs to make an informed investment decision	rel:definition	1
cds contingent delivery side	The settlement of a CDS deal in the event that the events specified in the Contingent Leg of the deal take place.	rel:definition	1
loan product	A pre-packed business offering, which can be instantiated as a Loan, in which the lender would lend an amount of money to a potential customer under agreed terms, which terms would be a formal contract expressing the terms defined in this Product and any other terms agreed bilaterally between the parties when the Product is instantiated.	rel:definition	1
loan product	a type of loan that a borrower may acquire from a lending institution with specific characteristics and terms	rel:definition	1
equity otc option transaction	A transaction which is defined in an equity options contract and which may or may not take place, at the discretion of the holder of the option. If it does take place, this will be a transaction for the purchase or sale of the equity underlying or some cash equivalent thereof, as defined in the option contract.	rel:definition	1
national security identification scheme	a security identification scheme, defining the format and structure of a National Securities Identifying Number (NSIN), published nationally on behalf of a country	rel:definition	1
text	the contents of an ordinary sequential file readable as textual material without much processing	rel:definition	1
instrument pool	a pool consisting of financial instruments that may be included in the same investment vehicle	rel:definition	1
usd cof fhlbsf	the FpML floating interest index for USD-COF11-FHLBSF	rel:definition	1
business agent context	A business process, work stream or other business area, in which various processes, actors, activities and so on are combined to achieve some business goal.	rel:definition	1
inflation bond interest payment terms set	Terms for the payment of interest on an Inflation Bond.	rel:definition	1
interest rate future	An Interest Rate Future is a futures contract with an interest-bearing instrument as the underlying asset.	rel:definition	1
pre approval request	a request from a potential borrower that a lender commit to pre-approving the borrower for a loan of up to a specified amount of money	rel:definition	1
instrumentality	an organization that serves a public purpose and is closely tied to a government, but is not a government agency	rel:definition	1
fully paid	Fully paid	rel:definition	1
stockholders rights instrument issuer	The party which is the issuer of a Stockholders Rights instrument.	rel:definition	1
loan pool	A number of loans, combined into a single pool and used as an asset.	rel:definition	1
fund coupon policy	Terms for the expected distribution of bond unit coupons.	rel:definition	1
de jure controlling interest party	An entity that may exercise de jure controlling interest	rel:definition	1
tender offer	Offer made to shareholders, normally by a third party, requesting them to sell (tender) their shares for a specified price usually at a premium over prevailing market prices. Generally, the objective of a tender is to take control of the target company.	rel:definition	1
equity	the value of an ownership interest in property, including shareholders equity in a business	rel:definition	1
aud semi annual swap rate bgcantor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-BGCANTOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
cbo instrument	A multitranche debt structure similar in some respects to a collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO) structure. Typically low-rated bonds rather than mortgages serve as the collateral. The organization creating and promoting the structure usually holds the underlying equity and may also collect a fee.	rel:definition	1
best offer	The lowest bid price for the stock up to the present time. Based on rules defined at the market, that determine how best bid and best offer are determined.	rel:definition	1
interpolated price	A price determined by interpolation between available price figures, using some algorithm or curve.	rel:definition	1
reporting policy	A policy relating to the provision of reports,	rel:definition	1
agricultural products delivery	Delivery of any agricultural produce.	rel:definition	1
constitutional contractual control	Some control set out in some contract among the principals of an organization.	rel:definition	1
exchange specific securities registry	a registry used by a securities exchange in managing the security identifiers and related information that it registers and manages	rel:definition	1
monies owing	A sum of money owed by one party to another party.	rel:definition	1
interest payment terms	contract terms for payment of interest on a debt	rel:definition	1
shareholding	Legal power of stockholders (shareholders) varies in proportion to their shareholdings. Typically, ten percent and below stockholding provides no protection. Fifteen percent stockholding may give the power to petition courts against changing the shares class rights. Up to 49.9 percent stockholding normally gives power to demand calling of an extraordinary general meeting. Fifty percent and over stockholding gives power to fire a director and force out minority stockholders by acquiring their shares as per the rules of the firm. Holder of 75 percent of the stock has the power to change the articles and memorandum of association and the firms name, reduce the share capital, allow the firm to buy its own shares from other stockholders, and to shut down the business. One hundred percent stockholding of course gives total power under the corporate legislation.	rel:definition	1
off the shelf product	a product that is readily available from merchandise in stock, or can be quickly and easily configured to order, not specially designed or custom-made	rel:definition	1
float float interest rate swap	an interest rate swap that exchanges cashflows based on two different floating interest rates	rel:definition	1
consumer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the change over time in the prices of consumer goods and services that households consume	rel:definition	1
equity claim	Needs to be unpicked Equity represents ownership in some venture. You own a piece of the assets of the venture, which gives you a claim on those assets. there is parallel to the discharging of obligations and rights in a transaction, in there here, the obligation/right continues to exist until or unless the venture is wound up.	rel:definition	1
eur tec reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TEC5-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
composite market	The market as a whole, i.e. one or more exchanges, a market (geographical) etc., about which prices and other derived facts may be quoted by market data vendors.	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor dtibor	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-DTIBOR01	rel:definition	1
consent denied	Vote not to approve the event or proposal. SWIFT: CONN	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-OIS-10:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
process role business entity	Some business entity that stands in some role.	rel:definition	1
icma yield formula	The calculation method specified by ICMA (formerly ISMA) for determination of yield for fixed-rate bonds.	rel:definition	1
rub annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-Annual Swap Rate-4:15-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
primary market	Issuance and primary market trading of new Traded Financial Instruments	rel:definition	1
financial instrument	Some financial contract or agreement, described in the context of its use in furthering some investment purpose. Explanatory Note: This is specific to its usage. The term \"Financial Instrument\" is frequently applied to the contract (as a thing), which might be put to such purpose, rather than to the instrument as it is used as an instrument, which is what is defined by this concept.	rel:definition	1
fcp	A French fund vehicle type. Designation and definition needed.	rel:definition	1
geometric mean	a mean that indicates the central tendency or typical value of a set of numbers by using the product of their values (as opposed to the arithmetic mean which uses their sum)	rel:definition	1
restructuring type scheme	The scheme which defines the restructuring type in a Restructuring credit event.	rel:definition	1
spot contract	A contract relating to a transaction which is for immediate settlement. Further notes: A spot transaction simply means a transaction in which some goods or currency are exchanged for some other goods or currency, with no future delivery provision. A Spot contract is the usually unwritten contract which by definition underlies that kind of transaction. Spot means for immediate settlement. Immediate here means the minimum number of days that are possible. This includes general retail transactions as well as the specialixed types of spot transactiojn foud in the financial services and treasury trading contexts, such as Fx Spots (a sub type of this) and commodity spot transactions. However the settlement date is still some time in the future. Also given different time zones, the settlement would be at some time in the future anyway Formerly a financial e.g. currency Spot would have been 2 (working) days settlement for example. Canadian v USD would be 1 day. Follows a settlement convention from the relevant market. Action: Add reference to Settlement Convention for the given market.	rel:definition	1
warrant	Financial instruments which permit the holder to purchase or sell back to the issuer a specified amount of a financial instrument, commodity, currency or other during a specified period at a specified price.	rel:definition	1
contractual definition	a contractual element that defines something in a contract or other legal instrument	rel:definition	1
loan retained amount	Retained amount, an amount the Issuer will be obliged to fund to the borrower at a later date, for example construction deposit.	rel:definition	1
rub annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
non binding terms	contractual commitments that do not have binding legal standing on the issuer or holder	rel:definition	1
payment arrangement terms	Terms covering other arrangements for payments such as paying scheduled payments early to be applied on the scheduled payment dates.	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm all banks	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-TIBM (All Banks)	rel:definition	1
trading registered security	A security which is traded on some trading venue.	rel:definition	1
business day adjustment	a convention that specifies what happens when a date falls on a day that is a weekend or a holiday in some business center	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual currency basis swap rate tullett prebon	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Currency Basis Swap Rate-11:00-Tullett Prebon	rel:definition	1
mathematical model	A model for determining one or more parameters or the behaviour of parameters with respect to one another.	rel:definition	1
fund capital gains distribution	Distribution of profits resulting from the sale of securities. Shareholders of Mutual Funds, Unit Trusts, or Sicavs are recipients of capital gains distributions which are often reinvested in additional shares of the fund.	rel:definition	1
managed interest rate	a variable interest rate charged by a financial institution for borrowing that is not prescribed as a margin over base rate but is set from time to time by the institution	rel:definition	1
option premium	The amount paid for an option.	rel:definition	1
input producer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the rate of change over time in the prices of inputs of goods and services purchased by the producer	rel:definition	1
secured loan	A loan which is secured by some security in the form either of collateral or of guaranty.	rel:definition	1
agency mbs issuer	The issuer of the pass through MBS is an Agency issuer. This is identified as being some kind of agency that is set up specifically to issue these instruments.	rel:definition	1
shares premium dividend payment	This corporate event pays shareholders an amount in cash issued from the shares premium reserve. It is similar to a dividend but with different tax implications. SWIFT = SHPR	rel:definition	1
physical item	Something you can touch.	rel:definition	1
non agency tranche	A tranche that does not receive payments while other tranches remain.	rel:definition	1
premium receiver	The party that receives the payments of an Equity Option Premium. FpML: 'A reference to the party that receives the payments corresponding to this structure.'	rel:definition	1
employment situation survey	a survey conducted on a regular basis that presents analytical information focused on the employment characteristics of a given statistical area	rel:definition	1
warrant issuer	The issuer of a Warrant. This is defined in terms of what individual entity is the issuer and also what other roles they may or may not play for a specific type of warranty, specifically whether or not they are also the issuer of the underlying, if the underlying is a security.	rel:definition	1
tribal entity	a legal entity that represents fundamental unit of sovereign tribal (indigenous) government	rel:definition	1
fixed payment leg	the terms for the fixed payment leg of a swap such as a dividend swap, or for any swap that has a fixed leg, including, for example, a single stock swap	rel:definition	1
cmo deal	An issue of Collateralized mortgaged Obligations.	rel:definition	1
forward transaction	A transaction in which one party commits at the present to delivery of something in the future.	rel:definition	1
detachment notification message	"Units may be broken up at the request of the security holder or based on market convention. Scope: See Attachment. SWIFT Full text: \""Separation of components that comprise a security - usually units comprised of warrants and bond or warrants and equity. Units may be broken up at the request of the security holder or based on market convention.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
detachment notification message	""Notification of separation of components that comprise a security - usually units comprised of warrants and bond or warrants and equity."	rel:definition	1
exempt offering	a public offering involving securities that are exempt from certain regulatory reporting requirements, either because the issuer is exempt or the transaction specific to the offering is exempt	rel:definition	1
economic indicator	a statistical measure of economic activity that is regular and comparable in the context of a statistical area (region), used for analysis of economic performance and predictions of future performance	rel:definition	1
tranched offering memorandum	The offering memorandum for a tranched MBS issue, setting out basic information about a future issue, for the information of prospective investors and their agents.	rel:definition	1
tranched offering memorandum	The Offering Memorandum will include or attach the terms for two or more individual tranches that will make up the issue, and the structure of the tranches, including how they will relate to one another (priorities and so on). Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
loan precedent conditions	Conditions which must be met before a loan may be approved.	rel:definition	1
letter of credit	A letter from a bank or other creditworthy institution setting out the holder's ability to access credit.	rel:definition	1
date time stamp	a combination of a date, a time, and a time zone	rel:definition	1
crime syndicate	An informal grouping formed for the purposes of organized criminal activities	rel:definition	1
financial instrument analytical parameter	Some measure of a financial instrument, that may be referred to in analysing or understanding that instrument for investment or risk management purposes.	rel:definition	1
corporate action	An event which has some effect on the details or terms of an issued Financial Security or on market perception of the value of that security.	rel:definition	1
application	a request submitted by an applicant to receive something (e.g. a licence, a loan, a membership) accompanied by documentation of pertinent information to determine whether the request should be granted	rel:definition	1
organized trading facility	a multi-lateral system which is not an RM or an MTF and in which multiple third-party buying and selling interests in bonds, structured finance products, emission allowances or derivatives are able to interact in the system in a way that results in a contract in accordance with the provisions of Title II of MiFID II	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-4:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
ratio	a proportional relationship between two different numbers or quantities, or in mathematics a quotient of two numbers or expressions, arrived at by dividing one by the other	rel:definition	1
drivers license	an official document which states that a person may operate a motorized vehicle, such as a motorcycle, car, truck or a bus, on a public roadway	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement element	Terms specific to a Master Agreement governing transactions of Over the Counter derivatives between parties.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor telerate	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EURIBOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
swap stream interest calculation schedule	parametric schedule of calculation dates	rel:definition	1
sgd sor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
interest rate authority	an authority responsible for the publication of some interest rate	rel:definition	1
obligation in respect of netting	Some obligation on one or other party in respect of any netting up of amounts due under a combination of transactions transacted under this Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
debt independently evaluated price	\"Evaluated Price\" is the price you get from the vendors.	rel:definition	1
formal document	A document which has some self-identified and defined formal status, usually but not necessarily within some pre-defined business process for document formalization.	rel:definition	1
legal restriction	A Restriction defined in a body of Law.	rel:definition	1
agency tranche	A tranche that does not receive payments while other tranches remain.	rel:definition	1
financial instrument global identifier registry entry	an entry in a Financial Instrument Global Identifier (FIGI) registry	rel:definition	1
fund reinvestment policy	Terms for the expected reinvestment of profits on fund units.	rel:definition	1
nzd swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-Swap Rate-ICAP	rel:definition	1
jpy annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
non tradable debt interest terms	contract terms for payment of interest on debt instruments that are not traded securities, i.e. over the counter, bilateral paper.	rel:definition	1
fund promoter	An entity that promotes a fund. May be an investor, pension fund, bank, insurance company or management company	rel:definition	1
fund investor	A party which invests in the Fund. It does this by holding some tradable unit (which represents some stake) in that fund.	rel:definition	1
thrift institution	an organization that primarily accepts savings account deposits and invests most of the proceeds in mortgages; savings banks and savings and loan associations and credit unions are examples of thrift institutions	rel:definition	1
security issuer	A business entity offering securities for sale to investors.	rel:definition	1
debt issuance program	A series of debt security issuances over time.	rel:definition	1
rights issue	Some issue of rights to holders.	rel:definition	1
restructuring type code	A textual code identifying the type of restructuring event in relation to some restructuring type scheme. This is information about the event rather than an aspect of the event itself, and is commonly identified in messages.	rel:definition	1
system of quantities	set of quantities together with a set of non-contradictory equations relating those quantities	rel:definition	1
percentage monetary amount	a measure of some amount of money expressed as a percentage of some other amount, some notional amount or some concrete money amount	rel:definition	1
owners equity	equity owned in some concern as recorded on the books of that concern	rel:definition	1
institutional person	a person that resides in an institution for some reason, due, for example, to hospitalization, rehabilitation, or incarceration	rel:definition	1
undertaking	Some undertaking to act.	rel:definition	1
financial future standardized terms set	A set of standard terms for financial futures contracts, as set out by the derivatives exchange. Financial Futures contracts issued by and traded on that exchange will take on these terms or override them.	rel:definition	1
contract principal	the party identified as being the principal or first party to a contract, in the event that the contract distinguishes any party as the principal	rel:definition	1
limited guaranty	A guaranty which is given up to a given amount or proportion of the loan. Generally specified as a monetary amount and is specified by the lender, so the bank may say 75% of valuation and they only have 60% of valuation available, to an additional limited guaranty would cover the missing 15% up to the point where the primary borrower's equity would meet the standard conditions of the loan. At that point the limited guaranty ceases.	rel:definition	1
price yield spread specification	The specification of a price in terms of the difference between the yield that an investor requires for an investment and the published yield on some reference instrument at that same point in time, such as a Treasury Note.	rel:definition	1
registration information	Information relating to the registration of a registered security.	rel:definition	1
equity reference index	a benchmark or reference index the constituents of which are exclusively equity securities	rel:definition	1
common law	Law developed by judges through decisions of courts and similar tribunals rather than through legislative statutes or executive branch action.	rel:definition	1
umbrella fund	Fund structure which has one or more investment pools.	rel:definition	1
power of attorney	Written legal authority given by one party (the principal) to another (the agent or attorney-in-fact) to act on the principals behalf. It may be a (1) General power Of attorney that authorizes the agent to act generally on behalf of the principal, or (2) Special power of attorney that is limited to a specific act or situation. Decisions made and actions taken by an attorney in fact (within the scope of his or her authority) are legally binding on the principal. A power of attorney can remain in force only so long as the principal is alive and does not become disabled or incapacitated. Although it is often conferred on the principals attorney, one does not need to be an attorney at law to be an attorney-in-fact.	rel:definition	1
country	a self-governing geopolitical unit that is recognized as a country by the United Nations	rel:definition	1
schedule	a collection of events or things that will be done and the dates and/or times when they will be done	rel:definition	1
business license	a license that allows the holder to conduct business or carry out a specific profession within some jurisdiction for some period of time	rel:definition	1
jpy annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-Annual Swap Rate-3:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
fund order desk	The Fund Order Desk is a party to the Fund Order Desk Account.	rel:definition	1
tranched mbs prospectus outline	An outline of the tranched prospectus, provind an intial representation of the possible tranches and their features. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
base metals delivery	Delivery of base metals.	rel:definition	1
trading status suspended message	Trading in the security has been suspended.	rel:definition	1
cds fee leg stream	Terms defining the fee leg in a CDS contract	rel:definition	1
broker dealer	any party in the business of buying and selling securities, operating as both a broker and a dealer, depending on the transaction	rel:definition	1
aud quarterly swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-Quarterly Swap Rate-ICAP	rel:definition	1
contractual element	general and special arrangements, provisions, requirements, rules, specifications, and standards that form an integral part of an agreement or contract	rel:definition	1
single settlement swap	A Swap Transaction which relates to some statistical measure of performance of the underlying.	rel:definition	1
date roll rule direction	The selection of possible directions in which to roll dates in a Date Roll Rule or in a Modify Convention Roll Rule.	rel:definition	1
distribution by reinvestment	Distribution by reinvestment in the same equity or fund.	rel:definition	1
securities issuance communication	A notice, statement, declaration, memorandum or other formal written communication in respect of some securities issue, sent out by or on behalf of the issuers of some intended securities issue.	rel:definition	1
securities issuance communication	A formal memorandum in respect of some securities issuance.	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs deal prospectus	The written prospectus for an agency, pass through issue of Mortgage Backed Securities	rel:definition	1
zero coupon terms set	Terms for payment of Interest on a Bond, where this pays a zero rate of interest.	rel:definition	1
duration description	The description of a Duration in terms of numbers of days, hours, years etc.	rel:definition	1
next put	The next available put date for the issue, as at the current time.	rel:definition	1
php semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for PHP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
timed duration specification	A period of time, determined at some point in time.	rel:definition	1
shareholder equity	The equity in the company in the form of shares.	rel:definition	1
when distributed	Used to refer to a security that trades after the date of issue but before the time at which the certificates are delivered	rel:definition	1
agency mortgage pool	A pool of agency mortgages.	rel:definition	1
numerical parameter	Anything which is defined as a parameter of something, and takes a numerical value.	rel:definition	1
interest rate derivative instrument	a rate-based derivative whose underlier is an interest rate	rel:definition	1
standardized index option terms set	Standard terms for an index option contract, determined in advance by the exchange. These will become terms of an individual index option contract. These may be varied or overridden for individual contracts.	rel:definition	1
trust fund manager	A trust fund manager acts on behalf of the Trustee to manage the assets of the Trust.	rel:definition	1
trader	an individual or organization or representative thereof that engages in the transfer of financial assets in any financial market on behalf of a client or the financial services provider	rel:definition	1
standards setter	An agent which acts to set standards such as message standards, programming standards and so on. This may in principal be any kind of business entity.	rel:definition	1
native yield	The yield of the security as determined using the Yield Calculation Method that is the default for the market that the security is traded in.	rel:definition	1
option strike terms	Contractual terms setting out the price or level at which the option is to be struck. FpML strike: 'Defines whether it is a price or level at which the option has been, or will be, struck.'	rel:definition	1
redemption schedule listing	Schedule for payments of defined amounts of the Principal on a Debt Security.	rel:definition	1
global ultimate parent	an organization that is recognized as the ultimate parent of the company; this relationship may or may not be present, i.e. in the case of a company that has no parent	rel:definition	1
currency strategy	Strategy which is currency based.	rel:definition	1
call date	Date on which the instrument may be called.	rel:definition	1
standardized terms set	a set of standardized terms, published by some body, and capable of being incorporated into a contract by agreement	rel:definition	1
distressed ratings downgrade	The fact that the rating of the reference obligation is downgraded to a distressed rating level. Further notes: From a usage standpoint, this credit event is typically not applicable in case of RMBS trades. A credit event. FpML full definition: 'A credit event. Results from the fact that the rating of the reference obligation is downgraded to a distressed rating level. From a usage standpoint, this credit event is typically not applicable in case of RMBS trades.'	rel:definition	1
legal document	a written or printed paper that bears the original, official, or legal form of something and can be used to furnish decisive evidence or information	rel:definition	1
capital surplus	Capital surplus is that amount which a firm raises in excess of the par value (nominal value) of the shares (common stock).	rel:definition	1
credit support default event	Failure of some Credit Support Agreement.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate month	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-3 Month	rel:definition	1
stockholm interbank offered rate	a daily interbank offered rate based on the interest rates at which banks offer to lend unsecured funds to other banks in the Swedish wholesale money market (or interbank market), without collateral, at different maturities; STIBOR is the average (with the exception of the highest and lowest quotes) of the interest rates listed at 11 a.m.	rel:definition	1
option strip contract	A strip or sequential set of options with periodic reset dates, such that each period between resets behaves like an individual option (known as a Caplet or Floorlet).	rel:definition	1
make securities available in market	What happens here? e.g. notices / marketing (phone calls) Structured Finance: There's not really notices in the newspaper, it's a very small market and it's all based on relationships so there's no public notice. So you would get an email from the sales person at the bank who has just closed the deal and is now selling these (this bank is the broker/dealer who bought it?) There's not really much of a secondary market - the initial investors would often hold on to these. There is something around Bloomberg - you can go there and see what's available, if someone has a number of notes from a iven tranche, that they are willing to sell. So there's no transpoarency (!!) Sales would be OTC but less transparent e.g. if you look up a normal OTC stock, you would be able to see more of this information, than in these (non Agency) MBS issues and other SF. DOES THIS APPLY IN ALL MBS??.	rel:definition	1
equity priority terms	Terms setting out the priority of a given class of Equity. These are the terms under which the holder of that class of equity has a call on the equity in the event of the issuing entity being wound up.	rel:definition	1
financial service	a service provided to consumers and businesses by financial institutions such as banks, insurance companies, brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, and investment companies all of which comprise the financial services industry	rel:definition	1
soft credit event	Soft default. This is defined by the event being repairable.	rel:definition	1
put premium	an amount over par that a debt instrument holder must pay to sell the security early	rel:definition	1
mutual savings bank	a financial institution that accepts deposits primarily from individuals and places a large portion of its funds into mortgage loans	rel:definition	1
legally delegated authority	a party having some legal control of some entity	rel:definition	1
subordinated cdo equity	The subordinated (also known as equity) CDO tranche is the most junior tranche in the CDO issue. If there are defaults or the CDO's collateral otherwise underperforms, scheduled payments to senior and mezzanine tranches take precedence over those to subordinated/equity tranches.	rel:definition	1
options greek	One of a set of measures about an option which is used to analyze the value or performance of that instrument.	rel:definition	1
person	a person; any member of the species homo sapiens	rel:definition	1
de jure control	control that is formalized in law, or codified in some legal instrument	rel:definition	1
issuer corporate action	Some corporate action initiated by the issuer of the Security. This is an action which is compulsory on the issuer of the security.	rel:definition	1
transaction processing goal	The goal of processing transactions in which the organization is engaged, without error and within the stated time constraints.	rel:definition	1
jpy bbsf bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-BBSF-Bloomberg-15:00	rel:definition	1
home equity line of credit	A credit line on a house or other property, that can be drawn down and/or paid back by the borrower.	rel:definition	1
time based plot	A comparison among several parameters, one of which is time.	rel:definition	1
share buyback offer	Issuer bid; Reduction of circulation shares; Reverse Rights. Offer by Issuing company to existing shareholders to repurchase the company's own shares or other securities convertible into shares.	rel:definition	1
structured name	A name with additional details besides simply being a string of text. This may include multilingual support or structuring of name content (as seen for example in financial securities names).	rel:definition	1
good	any tangible thing that is not money or real estate	rel:definition	1
cds cash settlement dealer	A party from whom quotations are obtained by the calculation agent on the reference obligation for purposes of cash settlement of a CDS.	rel:definition	1
asset type facet	Types od Derivatives contract classlfied by their underlying asset type.	rel:definition	1
delta	First derivative of option value with respect to theoretical price is a delta (or on a position). Theoretical price	rel:definition	1
tranche structure and termsheet	The termsheet with the terms for individual tranches is a separate component, known as the Tranche Termsheet or Individual Tranche Definitions. These may in practice be in one sheet or document deliverable but is a set of termsheets defining the terms for the set of tranches. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
tranche structure and termsheet	One sheet defining the MBS structure.	rel:definition	1
nmlsr id	the number permanently assigned by the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry (NMLS) for each company, branch, and individual that maintains a single account on NMLS.	rel:definition	1
bond exchange high price	The highest valuation over the period specified.	rel:definition	1
capital labor energy materials multifactor productivity	a ratio of a quantity index of gross output to a quantity index of combined inputs	rel:definition	1
exchange rate	a rate at which one currency can be exchanged for another	rel:definition	1
information event	A corporate event which is simply a notification about something. People may wish to respond	rel:definition	1
disbursement response	Response by a holder to some choice of disbursement method, as offered by the issuer in some corporate action.	rel:definition	1
financial instrument classification scheme	a classification scheme defining a particular classifier for a security, such as the ISO 10962 CFI classification scheme	rel:definition	1
twd taibor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-TAIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
restricted voting right	Restricted Voting. The holder has the right to vote but there are restrictions on these rights.	rel:definition	1
php phiref bap	the FpML floating interest index for PHP-PHIREF-BAP	rel:definition	1
payoff assets list	The list of n assets which are used to determine a best or worst value in determining conditinal payoff commitments.	rel:definition	1
requesting party	The party making some request.	rel:definition	1
canadian consumer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of changes over time in the prices of a fixed basket of consumer goods and services that Canadian private households consume	rel:definition	1
stock dividend	Dividend paid to shareholders in the form of shares of stock in the issuing company or in another company. Shareholder must take stock and is not offered a choice in the form of distribution.	rel:definition	1
precedence right	The rights of various parties in respect of the assets of some entity in the event of that entity being wound up.	rel:definition	1
credit facility type selection	Types of purpose for which a credit facility tranche may be set up or may exist.	rel:definition	1
ad valorem tax provision	A direct tax calculated according to value of property. Ad valorem tax is based on an assigned valuation (market or assessed) of real property and, in certain cases, on a valuation of tangible or intangible personal property. In virtually all jurisdictions, ad valorem tax is a lien on the property enforceable by seizure and sale of the property. An ad valorem tax is normally the one substantial tax that may be raised or lowered by a local governing body without the sanction of superior levels of government (although constitutional or statutory restrictions such as tax rate limitations may limit this right).	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor hibor	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-HIBOR-HIBOR=	rel:definition	1
identify conforming mortgage	Identify mortgage conforming to overall requirements for this issuer.	rel:definition	1
post merger securities exchange	Mandatory or voluntary exchange of an outstanding securities as the result of two or more companies combining assets. Cash payments may accompany share exchange.	rel:definition	1
timed value	The value of a dated parameter, at a stated point in the past, present or future.	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly quarterly swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-Quarterly-Quarterly Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
statistical universe	a collection representing the total membership, or 'universe', of people, resources, products, services, events, or entities of interest for some question, experiment, survey or statistical program	rel:definition	1
end of day market rate	a measure of the price level (value) of a given market rate of the end of the business day for a specific date	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor isdc	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-HIBOR-ISDC	rel:definition	1
last price	The last (or most recent) valuation. This is an actual trade price not a derived price MDDL	rel:definition	1
put notification provision	a provision of a put feature defining notification requirements	rel:definition	1
swaption contract	Option taken on interest rate swaps. These are FX interest rate option.	rel:definition	1
vwap	Volume Weighted Average Price determined by multiplying each trade by its volume then dividing by the volume for the day. MDDL	rel:definition	1
usd cof telerate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-COF11-Telerate	rel:definition	1
insurance policy	Some policy by which some party (directly or more usually through an intermediary who writes this policy) agrees to cover some risk as identified in this policy, on behalf of the holder of the policy. further Notes: Added specifically to cover financial instruments modeling of insurance backed Guaranty. This term would belong within a separate section of specialist insurance terms if there were such a section. Later notes: also relevant to Mortgage Indemnity Guaranty, taken out by Lender before pooling a mortgage into a security. This may even be what was intended by \"Insurance Backed Guaranty\" in the original FIBIM terms. To be determined at further review.	rel:definition	1
currency instrument	a financial instrument used for the purposes of currency trading	rel:definition	1
adult	a person who has attained the age of majority as defined by given jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
property usage	a category indicating the manner in which the borrower intends to utilize the property	rel:definition	1
currency spot buy rate	an indicative spot buying market rate as observed by the reporting source	rel:definition	1
swap strike terms	Formal terms defining the strike leg on a swap that has a strike leg.	rel:definition	1
economic contract	A contract relating to and governing an economic transaction between two parties.	rel:definition	1
float float cross currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap that exchanges cashflows based on two different interest rates in different currencies	rel:definition	1
myr quarterly swap rate tradition reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for MYR-Quarterly Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
equities statistical price	Analytics about prices, as determined by markets, exchanges or data providers.	rel:definition	1
issuance program	A series of issuances over time.	rel:definition	1
shareholder	An individual, group, or organization that owns one or more shares in a company, and in whose name the share certificate is issued.  It is legal for a company to have only one shareholder. Also called (in the US) stockholder.	rel:definition	1
stockholders rights instrument holder	A party which is the holder of a Stockholders Rights instrument.	rel:definition	1
loan early prepayment soft penalty terms	Early repayment penalty in the event of the loan being paid off in order to refinance with the same lender.	rel:definition	1
lei eligible entity	a legal person that qualifies to be assigned a legal entity identifier	rel:definition	1
known duration	The specification of a period of time. This is denominated in time units but is not a Date Time and so is not defined using \"Time\" or \"Date\". Instead it uses Temporal Units	rel:definition	1
spanish yield calculation method	The method used in determining annual yield in Spanish corporate bonds.	rel:definition	1
meat commodity	A commodity which is a kind of meat, such as pork bellies.	rel:definition	1
convertible participating preference share	A preference share that can be converted into common shares at a fixed conversion price. Preference or preferred shares entitle a holder to a prior claim on any dividend paid by the company before payment is made on ordinary shares.	rel:definition	1
bankruptcy event	Event in which a legal entity arrives at the legal status whereby it is unable to pay creditors.	rel:definition	1
brokerage account	an account offered by a broker that allows the investor to deposit funds and place investment orders	rel:definition	1
eur tam cdc	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TAM-CDC	rel:definition	1
credit rating issuer	An entity which publishes credit ratings for business entities and / or securities Further notes: This entity also defines the meanings (judgements) represented by each Ratings code as documented in the Credit Rating Scheme. .	rel:definition	1
jpy libor isda	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-LIBOR-ISDA	rel:definition	1
federal government	a union of states under a central government distinct from the individual governments of the separate states	rel:definition	1
collateral provider	Party which provides collateral for the Loan.	rel:definition	1
capital distribution	An action in which capital of the issuing company is distributed. Trem Orign:SME Reviews	rel:definition	1
extraordinary voting right	The right to vote at extraordinary meetings, as opposed to being able to vote at annual general meetings.	rel:definition	1
myr quarterly swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for MYR-Quarterly Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
municipal bond	A debt security issued by or on behalf of a state or its political subdivision, or an agency or instrumentality of a state, its political subdivision, or a municipal corporation. Municipal bonds, for example, may be issued by states, cities, counties, special tax districts or special agencies or authorities of state or local governments.	rel:definition	1
loan interest rate	This is also a timed variable with a present value and a time series of past values. What is it? A record of the rates that may have been charged in a variable rate loan. Therefore, this variable is the \"Interest Rate\" of the loan. It is a \"Dated Parameter\" - dates are taken care of in the upper mode of Variable Parameters.	rel:definition	1
public offering	an offering of securities for sale to the investment public, after compliance with registration requirements of the relevant regulatory authorities	rel:definition	1
deliver cash	commitment to deliver cash at the earliest available date as per settlement convention	rel:definition	1
usd annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
temporal entity determination	A Temporal Entity determination sets out how some Temporal Entity, currently unknown, is to be determined. For example, how a payment date or other event is to be determined at some point in the future, based on information prevailing at that future time.	rel:definition	1
registry	a system, typically an information system, that records the registration of items	rel:definition	1
collection	a grouping of some variable number of things (may be zero) that have some shared significance	rel:definition	1
collection	A set of things collected together for some purpose.	rel:definition	1
basis points value	one hundredth of one percentage point	rel:definition	1
money market debt instrument	Money Market Debt Instrument is a kind of short term debt security. This is defined as the logical union of all the securities that are commonly referred to as Money Market instruments.	rel:definition	1
instrument internal rate of return	The discount rate that results in a Net Present Value of zero for a series of future cash flows for the holder of the financial instrument.	rel:definition	1
cl clicp bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CL-CLICP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
ratio value	a proportional relationship specifically between two different quantity values that gives rise to a datum of a specific quantity type	rel:definition	1
financial product	a product provided to consumers and businesses by financial institutions such as banks, insurance companies, brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, and investment companies all of which comprise the financial services industry	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
real estate	land plus anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, sheds and other items attached to the structure	rel:definition	1
real estate	Land plus anything permanently fixed to it, including buildings, sheds and other items attached to the structure. Explanatory Note: Although, media often refers to the \"real estate market\" from the perspective of residential living, real estate can be grouped into three broad categories based on its use, namely residential, commercial and industrial. Explanatory Note: Examples of real estate include undeveloped land, houses, condominiums, townhomes, office buildings, retail store buildings and factories. Scope Note: Bricks and mortar or land which can be owned.	rel:definition	1
issuance closing	The process of crediting the DTC participant account on settlement date with the position for the new issue. The overall closing process includes the exchange of funds that happens outside of DTC.	rel:definition	1
transaction undertaking	A contractually defined and established commitment to deliver some goods, perform some service or make some payment in cash or in kind.	rel:definition	1
commerce	the commercial activity of buying and selling goods	rel:definition	1
industry sector classification scheme	a system for allocating classifiers to organizations by industry sector	rel:definition	1
otc contract on future	An option contract with an underlying futures contract.	rel:definition	1
non incorporated partnership	a partnership in which the partners are jointly and severally liable for liabilities incurred by the entity	rel:definition	1
draft tranche termsheet	Draft of set of information defining one tranche of a tranched issue. This will become the termsheet of an individual tranche within that issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
controlling capacity	the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the thing which is controlled	rel:definition	1
offering document information	Information pertaining to the Offering Document but not forming part of it.	rel:definition	1
submitter	a party presenting something, such as a regulatory report	rel:definition	1
issuer identification number	a numbering system that allows a credit, debit, or other card to be identified as having been issued by a particular financial institution	rel:definition	1
hard credit event	Hard default. This is defined by the event not being repairable.	rel:definition	1
numeric ratio value	A numeric value representing a ratio between two other numeric values.	rel:definition	1
goal	a desired result that a person, organization or system envisions or plans, or to which it commits, in order to achieve a desired state	rel:definition	1
fx spot settlement commitment	"FpML exchangedCurrency2 referred to as a \""Currency Stream\""	rel:editorialNote	1
fx spot settlement commitment	""no definition"	rel:definition	1
legal system	Legal regimen of a country consisting of (1) a written or oral constitution, (2) primary legislation (statutes) enacted by the legislative body established by the constitution, (3) subsidiary legislation (bylaws) made by person or bodies authorized by the primary legislation to do so, (4) customs applied by the courts on the basis of traditional practices, and (5) principles or practices of civil, common, Roman, or other code of law.	rel:definition	1
aud swap rate reuters	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-Swap Rate-Reuters	rel:definition	1
average weekly earnings	a measure of the average weekly wage an employee makes over the reporting period	rel:definition	1
issuer formal offer	An action in which the issuer of the security makes a formal offer.	rel:definition	1
pac class	Planned Amortization Class tranche. PAC-1 is the most senior Planned Amortization Class tranche.	rel:definition	1
industry association	An organization which has membership drawn from members of some industry and acts to serve the interests of those members.	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois compound bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-OIS-COMPOUND-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
investment account	an account that provides a record of deposits of funds and/or securities held at a financial institution	rel:definition	1
neighborhood	Some residential area.	rel:definition	1
coupon periodic date series	Periodic dates on which Interest Payments are made.	rel:definition	1
municipal bond refund terms	terms related to the refunding process of municipal securities	rel:definition	1
public purpose	an objective that reflects values generally thought to be shared by and that is intended to benefit the populace as a whole	rel:definition	1
integer value	An integer value is a numeric value with that represents an Integer using an xsd:integer. Note that this class is not intended to be used directly (in these cases use xsd:integer) but is intended to be subclassed with values with business semantic intent.	rel:definition	1
principal underwriter	Principal underwriter of or for any investment company other than a closed-end company, or of any security issued by such a company, means any underwriter who as principal purchases from such company, or pursuant to contract has the right (whether absolute or conditional) from time to time to purchase from such company, any such security for distribution, or who as agent for such company sells or has the right to sell any such security to a dealer or to the public or both, but does not include a dealer who purchases from such company through a principal underwriter acting as agent for such company. Principal underwriter of or for a closed-end company or any issuer which is not an investment company, or of any security issued by such a company or issuer, means any underwriter who, in connection with a primary distribution of securities, (a) is in privity of contract with the issuer or an affiliated person of the issuer; (b) acting alone or in concert with one or more other persons, initiates or directs the formation of an underwriting syndicate; or (c) is allowed a rate of gross commission, spread, or other profit greater than the rate allowed another underwriter participating in the distribution.	rel:definition	1
service provider	a party that provides and typically provisions professional services, such as consulting, financial, legal, real estate, education, communications, storage, or processing services, to other parties, typically defined in a service agreement	rel:definition	1
asian exercise commitment	Commitment to pay out on an option on the basis of a rolling average strike, which the other party may or may not choose to exercise against.	rel:definition	1
native yield calculation method	The convention used in the marketplace for that security.	rel:definition	1
cash and securities response	"SWIFT: Term:\""Cash and Securities\"" Definition:\""Election choice includes a distribution of both cash and securities to holders.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
cash and securities response	""Response is to take a distribution of both securities and cash as offered."	rel:definition	1
in default loan	Formal notice served.	rel:definition	1
vote against management	Vote against management.	rel:definition	1
debt yield to worst	Yield to the worst case of when the instrument might be called.	rel:definition	1
jpy ltpr mhcb	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-LTPR-MHCB	rel:definition	1
inflation factor subject	The Left Hand Side of the Formula, giving what is being expressed in terms of the Right Hand Side. This is the Inflation Bond Factor.	rel:definition	1
right	entitlement (not) to perform certain actions, or (not) to be in certain states; or entitlement that others (not) perform certain actions or (not) be in certain states Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy	rel:definition	1
market data provider	a publisher that publishes data about the financial markets	rel:definition	1
equity based de jure control	De Jure controlling interest in an entity which is based on the holding of some form of equity in that entity.	rel:definition	1
inflation bond factor	The factor which is used in determining the principal on an inflation bond. This is used either in calculating the interest payments, in calculating the principal payback or more typically both. Further notes: This is a dated parameter, that is it varies over time.	rel:definition	1
lifecycle event occurrence	a realization of an event in a stage of a lifecycle	rel:definition	1
religious law jurisdiction	A Jurisdiction in which some system of religious law is in force.	rel:definition	1
participation note issuer	The party which is the issuer of a Participation Note.	rel:definition	1
product identifier	an identifier for a product	rel:definition	1
cny quarterly repo non deliverable swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-Quarterly 7 day Repo Non Deliverable Swap Rate-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
bylaw	Corporate bylaws are typically called Articles of Association in the United Kingdom, or Articles of Incorporation in the United States. In government usage, the term bylaws is used to describe laws, orders, regulations, rules, etc., made by a ministry, local authority (a municipality, for example), or public corporation, in accordance with the powers conferred by or delegated under a statue (called the parent act).	rel:definition	1
non agency sticky jump tranche	\"Sticky\" Jump Z tranches maintain the payment priority of a Jump Z tranche until they are retired.	rel:definition	1
issue payment schedule specification	no definition	rel:definition	1
debt yield to maturity	The internal rate of return an investor would achieve if he or she purchased that bond at its current dirty price, and held it to maturity, assuming all coupon and principal payments are received as scheduled.	rel:definition	1
swap lifecycle event identifier	an identifier that uniquely identifies a specific event in the lifecycle of a swap	rel:definition	1
loan appraiser	That party which appraises the borrower for the purposes of the loan.	rel:definition	1
gbp sonia ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-SONIA-OIS-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
public record	a record about an action involving a party that is publicly available from court or other government agencies	rel:definition	1
bond coupon interest terms	Terms for payment of Interest on a Bond. These include terms for determining interest amounts, and terms for dates on which those amounts are to be paid.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
post box	A PO Box.	rel:definition	1
underlying on future	The item (commodity, reference, index, instrument etc.) that determines the value of the Futures contract and in most cases forms the deliverable when the contract expires.	rel:definition	1
floating interest rate	a variable interest rate that is based on a specific index or benchmark rate	rel:definition	1
published price as rate spread	A debt instrument price quoted or defined in terms of a spread of that instrument's price with reference to some reference rate. The reference rate may be either a market interest rate such as an IBOR or the rate of interest on some reference instrument.	rel:definition	1
legislature	the law-making body of a political unit, usually a national government, that has power to enact, amend, and repeal public policy	rel:definition	1
jpy libor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
nok nibor nibr	the FpML floating interest index for NOK-NIBOR-NIBR	rel:definition	1
usd cms reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CMS-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
best bid	The highest bid price for the stock up to the present time. Based on rules defined at the market, that determine how best bid and best offer are determined.	rel:definition	1
instruction message	A message which embodies some instruction.	rel:definition	1
debt spv	A Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) set up specifically to issue a debt security or securities. It is set up by a company or a group of companies to create instruments that are off the company's balance sheet.	rel:definition	1
agency sticky jump	\"Sticky\" Jump Z tranches maintain the payment priority of a Jump Z tranche until they are retired.	rel:definition	1
security cashflow status	The status of the cashflow due to the holder from the security.	rel:definition	1
population not in labor force	a subset of the civilian, noninstitutional population, that is considered neither employed nor unemployed by the reporting agency during the reporting period	rel:definition	1
voting response	Some response to a voting activity.	rel:definition	1
status	The standing of some thing within some lifecycle or process.	rel:definition	1
price ratio specification	The specification of a price in terms of some ratio to the face value of the item, expressed as a percentage. Security price per Hundred.	rel:definition	1
funds processing	The context of managing and processing funds, issuing funds units etc. This is the context in which the different parties involved in a fund are defined as parties.	rel:definition	1
accrual	the process of accumulating interest or other income that has been earned but not paid	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-OIS-10:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
bond	A debt security, in which the authorized issuer owes the holders a debt and, depending on the terms of the bond, is obliged to pay interest (the coupon) and/or to repay the principal at a later date, termed maturity. It is a formal contract to repay borrowed money with interest at fixed intervals.	rel:definition	1
eur tec reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TEC10-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
total controlling interest company	an organization having 100 percent ownership one or more organizations it holds voting shares in	rel:definition	1
home equity line of credit pool constituent	A line of credit defined as a constituent of a Home Equity Line Of Credit Pool.	rel:definition	1
equity portfolio	A portfolio which has at least 85% exposure to shares.	rel:definition	1
issued and securitized non agency mortgage pool	A non agency mortgage pool which has been securitized as part of a tranched Mortgage Backed Security.	rel:definition	1
economic news release	published statistical information that is about economic indicators and possibly other economic news	rel:definition	1
mean price determination	Exchange closing price may take an average (mean) price.	rel:definition	1
statutory authority	Some organization which is an authority created and mandated in statute law for some purpose e.g. reporting.	rel:definition	1
commodity physical delivery	The physical delivery of some commodity at some agreed point in the future.	rel:definition	1
debt instrument buyback notification	Notification of an event where det securities are bought back by the issuer.	rel:definition	1
strategy	A plan, method, or series of maneuvers or stratagems for obtaining a specific goal or result.	rel:definition	1
clearing bank	a commercial bank that facilitates payment and settlement of financial transactions, such as check clearing or facilitating trades between the sellers and buyers of securities or other financial instruments or contracts	rel:definition	1
securities transaction option	The option itself, that is the right but not the obligation to proceed with a transaction at some time in the future under terms defined in the option contract. This option is held and exercised by the party to the contract which is defined as the option holder or option buyer.	rel:definition	1
master agreement change notification obligation	The obligtaion to notify the counterparty to this agreement, of any changes in details.	rel:definition	1
debt security price	The price of a Debt Instrument at some point in time.	rel:definition	1
fund reporting terms	Terms describing the accounting methods and reporting arrangements used by the fund.	rel:definition	1
new money purpose	Securities Issued for new Project or Purpose.	rel:definition	1
commitment to report	a commitment obliging a party to deliver a report	rel:definition	1
debt terms	contract terms that specify the formal rights and obligations of borrower and lender under a contract in which funds are lent from the one party to the other	rel:definition	1
cosigner	Someone who commits to fulfil the obligations of the Borrower in the event that the Borrower defaults on the loan.	rel:definition	1
bid ask spread	Spread: Range between Bid and Ask	rel:definition	1
mandatory corporate action	An event where there are no choice on the part of the Holder.	rel:definition	1
base metal	Any metal which is not precious.	rel:definition	1
timed parameter	A numerical parameter which may be expected to vary over time, and will therefore have values for different times past, persent and future.	rel:definition	1
tax reclaim activity	We dont' have detailed information on what kinds of activities there are, but there may be a broad range of these. For instance, may be giving the issuer's location, or the rules for tax reclaims. Different rules exist. May set the rules on each action. For instance, It versus Fr, different rules. The CA notificaiton may be setting out the rules on each tax reclaim. Example: Aus: Issuer may make declaration to tax department, that securities are widely issued, this has some effect on withholding etc. Countries may have standing rules fo rreclaims, but may be special rules at an issue action level for large issue action. this would go out as a message (notification) using this message code. Similar to VAT in Canada - as an individual you pay VAT and reclaim it when you leave the country. Fill out a form etc. Then they send the VAT back. Conclusions: A general activity of Tax Reclaim - not formally modeled, just iterated here; notification which is the SWIFT message notoification type.	rel:definition	1
balance sheet liability balance	A balance sheet entry representing some asset of the entity.	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm banks	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-TIBM (10 Banks)	rel:definition	1
voting share	A share which confers upon the holder some voting rights.	rel:definition	1
linear payout commitment	The commitment to pay out on a straight vanilla option.	rel:definition	1
idr sor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-SOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
fund unit	A unit in a fund, which may be traded and is a contract between the fund and the holder of that unit.	rel:definition	1
change of state event	Some event relating to some change of state.	rel:definition	1
commodity swap contract	Definition needed.	rel:definition	1
register security	After the deal is closed the security is formally registered with some registraton authority This is the \"official\" bit - there is not a separate \"Issue\" activity which is official ?????	rel:definition	1
floating rate note date	a calculated date associated with a floating-rate note, also known as a floater or FRN, which is a debt instrument with a variable interest rate	rel:definition	1
individual tranche definitions	In reality there is one termsheet that has sets of information for the terms for each Tranche. This class of information identifies the terms of one tranche, but it does not exist as a separate document in its own right. Further Notes ? We may need to firm up the relationship between the individual tranche termsheet and the information about the relationships among these (some of which are quite complex) and the terms that are common to more than one tranche. In practice these may be separate sections of one document. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
escrow agent	An agent which acts in escrow for the delivery of some Deliverable Obligation in the context of some CDS contract.	rel:definition	1
industry model convention	Standard conventions which exist in the public domain but are not enshrined in an existing ISO Standard are defined in this model and published as such.	rel:definition	1
jurisdiction	the limits or territory within which authority may be exercised; the power, right, or authority to interpret and apply the law	rel:definition	1
delinquency borrower facts	Facts about the borroewr in the event of some delinquency.	rel:definition	1
addressing scheme	a system for allocating addresses to objects	rel:definition	1
bond exchange low price	The lowest valuation over the period specified. Possibly but not necessarily based on a trade. Determined by the trading venue as to whether it's based on a trade or an offer. this can be regarded as a derived price. Price is based on a riule whil will cause one to pick a certain price type.	rel:definition	1
registration authority	a formally constituted organization and legal entity that is responsible for maintaining a registry and provides registration services	rel:definition	1
payer	a party who pays a bill or fees	rel:definition	1
cdo portfolio manager	The portfolio manager for a managed CDO or arbitrage CDO (also called an asset manager). This assumes that the role is the same in both cases.	rel:definition	1
company law	Legislation under which the formation, registration or incorporation, governance, and dissolution of a firm is administered and controlled.	rel:definition	1
mortgage pool constituent	Amortgage defined as a constituent of a Mortgage Pool.	rel:definition	1
commitment to pay	a commitment obliging one party to make a payment to another party (e.g. to fund a loan, make payments, pay origination fees)	rel:definition	1
municipal debt remarketing agent	The municipal securities dealer responsible for reselling to investors securities (such as variable rate demand obligations and other tender option bonds) that have been tendered for purchase by their owner. The remarketing agent also typically is responsible for resetting the interest rate for a variable rate issue and may act as tender agent	rel:definition	1
obligation acceleration	One or more of the obligations have been declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event other than failure to pay	rel:definition	1
observable value	a value for something that can be observed in the marketplace	rel:definition	1
day of week	a business recurrence interval that indicates a specific, recurring day of the week	rel:definition	1
bond principal repayment terms set	Terms for the repayment of the Principal on a Bond security.	rel:definition	1
virtual address	an address identifying a virtual, i.e. non-physical location	rel:definition	1
offering	an expression of interest in providing something to someone that is contigent upon acceptance, forbearance, or some other consideration, as desired by the offeree(s)	rel:definition	1
securities basket constituent	a security identified as a component of a basket of securities	rel:definition	1
listing status delisting message	Security is no longer able to comply with the listing requirements of a stock exchange and is removed from official board quotation.	rel:definition	1
monetary authority	a regulatory agency that controls the monetary policy, regulation and supply of money in some country or group of countries	rel:definition	1
jpy isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-ISDA-Swap Rate-15:00	rel:definition	1
mandatory corporate event process	Mandatory corporate event: Action requires an action by the shareholder Corporate action event initiated by the corporation. Participation by shareholders is mandatory (for those relating to shares).	rel:definition	1
agent for service of process	a registered agent (person or organization) designated by a business entity, such as a corporation, to receive legal correspondence on behalf of the business entity in the jurisdiction in which the agent's address is located	rel:definition	1
market rate	a measure that is also published financial information providing a rate used to measure market trends for a set of instruments (S&P500, NASDAQ composite, 30 day CD) or that describes the economic climate for an industry (Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), H&Q Growth Technologies) and/or political region (LIBOR, Prime)	rel:definition	1
coupon regular period	The regular periodic component of a coupon schedule.	rel:definition	1
spv purpose	The reason for the creation of a Special Purpose Vehicle.	rel:definition	1
bond maturity registrar	The person or entity responsible for maintaining records on behalf of the issuer that identify the owners of a registered bond issue. The trustee under a bond contract often also acts as registrar.	rel:definition	1
payment schedule	schedule for delivery of money in fulfillment of an obligation, such as a coupon payment schedule, loan payment schedule, interest payment schedule	rel:definition	1
valuation	a measurement to assess the value of something expressed in some currency	rel:definition	1
code set	A system of valid symbols that substitute for specified values, e.g., alpha, numeric, symbols and/or combinations	rel:definition	1
coupon stub period duration	The Stub Period as a temporal duration.	rel:definition	1
rights issue notification	Notification of some issue of rights to holders.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
debt issue prospectus	The prospectus for the debt issue, describing the terms of the issue and each of the instruments included in the debt issue. Term origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
conversion terms	contract terms specifying when and how a security may be converted to another security (usually of the same issuer)	rel:definition	1
property collateral valuation	A valuation of the collateral Real Property to support the Property collateral Arrangement	rel:definition	1
simple guaranty	No definition	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle occurrence	a realization of a trade lifecycle	rel:definition	1
business day convention	a convention that enumerates the possible ways to handle a date that falls on a weekend or holiday	rel:definition	1
otc transaction party	a party to an over-the-counter agreement	rel:definition	1
trading status active message	Trading in security has commenced or security has been re-activated after a supsension in trading.	rel:definition	1
fixed basket	a basket of goods and services whose quantity and quality are held fixed for some period of time	rel:definition	1
commercial finance company	a finance company that makes loans to manufacturers and wholesalers, secured by accounts receivable, inventories, and equipment	rel:definition	1
certificate of participation	An instrument evidencing a pro rata share in a specific pledged revenue stream, usually lease payments by the issuer that are typically subject to annual appropriation. The certificate generally entitles the holder to receive a share, or participation, in the payments from a particular project. The payments are passed through the lessor to the certificate holders. The lessor typically assigns the lease and the payments to a trustee, which then distributes the payments to the certificate holders.	rel:definition	1
temporal entity definition	How a temporal entity is defined. This may be in terms of a simple definition (like a date), a specification that unambiguously specifies the temporal entity, or a method for determing a date, instant or interval such that it is not known now but can be determined at some future time. The different ways that an instant or interrval can be determined, are themselves different kinds of Thing (Measures, Specifications or Methods) and therefore this class of Thing is a union of those possible ways of specifiying a temporal entity, and not a kind of Thing in its own right.	rel:definition	1
holding right	The right to hold a thing	rel:definition	1
contractual template product	a contractual product that is finalized through specification of values for parameters defined in a template	rel:definition	1
savings bank	a banking institution organized to encourage thrift by paying interest dividends on savings; savings banks can have state and federal affiliations, for example, State Savings Banks and Federal Savings Banks	rel:definition	1
pool backed securities deal	The issue of a series of Pool Backed Security certificates. These are (at least in this context) securities issued backed by a pool of individual loans, mortgages or other individual loan products.	rel:definition	1
asian exercise terms set	Terms governing the exercise of an Asian Option.	rel:definition	1
articles of incorporation	proxy	rel:definition	1
articles of incorporation	The articles of association are a contract (1) between the members (stockholders, subscribers) and the organization and (2) among the members themselves. It sets out the rights and duties of directors and stockholders individually and in meetings. Certain statutory clauses (such as those dealing with allotment, transfer, and forfeiture of shares) must be included; the other clauses are chosen by the stockholders to make up the bylaws of the organization. A court, however, may declare a clause ultra vires if it is deemed unfair, unlawful, or unreasonable. A copy of the articles is lodged with the appropriate authority such as the registrar of companies. Articles are public documents and may be inspected by anyone (usually on payment of a fee) either at the premises of the organization or at the registrar's office. Lenders to the organization take special interest in its provisions that impose a ceiling on the borrowings beyond which the organization's management must get shareholders' approval before taking on more debt. The usual American term is articles of incorporation.	rel:definition	1
worst call date determination	The determination of when the call identified as the Worst Call would take place. This consist of some means by which that date is determined and a date on which that date is deemed to be the Worst Call date.	rel:definition	1
buyer	a party that acquires, or agrees to acquire, ownership (in case of goods), or benefit or usage (in case of services), in exchange for money or other consideration under a contract of sale	rel:definition	1
firm commitment offering	a securities offering whereby the underwriter purchases the securities outright for their own account	rel:definition	1
variance	a measure of spread, calculated as the average squared deviation of each number from the mean of a data set	rel:definition	1
debt security interest amount	The amount of interest paid out on a debt security at a given point in time.	rel:definition	1
temporal measure	A measure of description of time	rel:definition	1
security offering type	The way in which a Securities Issue is offered.	rel:definition	1
otc fx product	An OTC Product for foreign exchange, whereby two or more currencies are transacted.	rel:definition	1
partnership incorporated by equity	a partnership incorporated via the issuance of equity, with limited partners (i.e., partners whose liability is limited) that are necessarily not natural persons (i.e., cannot be individuals)	rel:definition	1
security holding	a (tradable) security held in a portfolio	rel:definition	1
employment status	Possible employment statuses for adult human beings.	rel:definition	1
cny pbocb reuters	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-PBOCB-Reuters	rel:definition	1
inr cmt	the FpML floating interest index for INR-CMT	rel:definition	1
twd twcpba	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-TWCPBA	rel:definition	1
delinquent loan	A loan which is an active loan (in Repayment phase), which is in default.	rel:definition	1
derivatives broker	A party which is party to the transaction between entities which are not on the Derivatives Exchange. The Broker is then also a member of the Exchange (see Trading PArticipant), and in this context is the one who carries out the deals on the exchange, and who settles his margin daily. These may poarticipate in the OTC market also, where they just get a fee for introdiucing them. In formal exchanges, the Broker is doing th edeal, and the fact that the deal is passed on to others is a separate transaction, which they are also party to.	rel:definition	1
money weighted rate of return performance determination method	Money weighted rate of return.	rel:definition	1
reporting obligation	An obligation to report to some entity about some matter.	rel:definition	1
rights distribution	The distribution of rights to shareholders, in proportion to their equity holding.	rel:definition	1
bankers acceptance	A Draft where the drawer and drawee of the draft are distinct parties and the drawee is a bank.	rel:definition	1
plz wibor wibo	the FpML floating interest index for PLZ-WIBOR-WIBO	rel:definition	1
typical duration	The maturity of the CP instrument, as a typical, known duration.	rel:definition	1
usd treasury rate swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Treasury Rate-SwapMarker99	rel:definition	1
share value change action	Event in which there is some change to the value of Shares.	rel:definition	1
daily average market rate	a measure of the overall price level of a given rate, calculated as the sum of all values of the rates for a particular reference rate, foreign exchange rate, lending rate, or other market rate divided by the total number of rates collected over the course of a twenty-four (24) hour period for a specific date	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap eurex lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-3M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
tranched draft prospectus	The draft prospectus for a tranched Mortgage Backed Securities issue, as determined by the issuing entity prior to marketing the issue. Certain terms in the draft prospectus will be finalized later in the issuance process to become the actual Prospectus. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
eur tec cno swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TEC10-CNO-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
inflation factor expression	How the Formula is expressed i.e. the Right Hand Side of the Formula.	rel:definition	1
organization part identifier	an identifier allocated to a particular organizational sub-unit	rel:definition	1
trade identifier	an identifier for a trade	rel:definition	1
security delivery response	"SWIFT: \""Distribution of securities to holders.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
security delivery response	""Response is to take the securities"	rel:definition	1
web page	A document published on the World Wide Web and accessible via a Universal Resource Locator.	rel:definition	1
loan purpose selection	A selection of different types of loan purpose, being the purpose for which and manner in which loan (credit) draw-down amounts are to be used. This shows the purpose for which credit is to be used, and implies certain kinds of fact that relate to that specific type of loan e.g. mortgages. These are also identified as tranche types in tranches of a credit facility.	rel:definition	1
gross domestic product	an economic indicator representing the broadest measure of aggregate economic activity, measuring the total unduplicated market value of all final goods and services produced within a statistical area in a period	rel:definition	1
mutual contractual agreement	a contract between two or more specific named parties; the rights and obligations pertaining to either party cannot be transferred to another party without prior written permission or a change to the contract itself	rel:definition	1
bond fixed coupon	Mechanism whereby an investor receives income from interest payments, which are usually made periodically. These are for a fixed amount.	rel:definition	1
asset class	a financial instrument classifier for a group of securities that exhibit similar characteristics, behave similarly in the marketplace and are subject to the same laws and regulations	rel:definition	1
jump trigger event reversal	The reversal of the event which triggers the Jump Z	rel:definition	1
realized variable leg	Leg which relates to some statistical measure of performance of the underlying.	rel:definition	1
notional place	an abstract place; one of many commonly understood concepts such as domestic, Eurozone etc.	rel:definition	1
consumer credit requirement	Requirement set out on the lender about how they must treat the appliction to a loan	rel:definition	1
hybrid cdo	A CDO which combines features both of the cash and synthetic CDO. This is a CDO with tranches of cash and tranches of synthetic underlying assets. Further notes: So for example an issiue of $550 million may have $500 million in an asset pool and an additional $50 million created via a synthetic asset.	rel:definition	1
home equity line of credit contract	A credit line on a house or other property, that can be drawn down and/or paid back by the borrower.	rel:definition	1
put event	an event associated with the put schedule for a debt instrument, i.e., an event involving the 'put', or surrender of the instrument by the holder	rel:definition	1
php phiref bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for PHP-PHIREF-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
cashflow formula	a formula for determining cashflows for a derivative instrument	rel:definition	1
next call date	The next date on which the issue can be called, from the present date.	rel:definition	1
aud libor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-17097	rel:definition	1
pricing model	The model used in the Price Model Specification.	rel:definition	1
fund data provider	A party which supplies market data to a fund.	rel:definition	1
known date	A date which is explicitly known i.e. a calendar date.	rel:definition	1
analytical information	Information about some item at some time past, present or future. This takes the form of some measure about the thing being analyzed; the measure will have some values at different times as shown in the Math grammar for dated parameters.	rel:definition	1
calendar temporal unit	A Temporal Unit (measure of time) which is to be found in a regular calendar, i.e. a day, month etc., as distinct from units with additional parameters such as business days.	rel:definition	1
published end of day price	A price published by a market data vendor at the end of the trading day.	rel:definition	1
participation note	A tradable note issued by an entity for sale in a jurisdiction other than the one in which the entity is registered, and based on the holding by that entity of underlying securities issued in the jurisdiction in which that entity is registered.	rel:definition	1
czk annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for CZK-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
non issuer corporate action announcer	The announcer of an event which is not the issuer of the security that the event is about.	rel:definition	1
bond future standardized terms set	A set of standard terms for bond futures contracts, as set out by the derivatives exchange. Bond Futures contracts issued by and traded on that exchange will take on these terms or override them.	rel:definition	1
sgd sor telerate	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
volatility	a statistical measure of the rate of change in pricing for a given security or market index	rel:definition	1
active loan status	Status of a Loan which is in the Disbursement phase.	rel:definition	1
government department	a specialized organization responsible for a sector of government public administration	rel:definition	1
contract counterparty	in the event that a contract identifies either party to that contract as being the principal, this is the other party to that contract	rel:definition	1
bonus share plan distribution	Event in which shares are issued from the Share Premium Reserve of the company and are considered as a capital distribution rather than a disbursement of income, with different tax implications. SWIFT Definition (adapted above) \"Typically found in Australia, shares are issued from the Share Premium Reserve of the company and are considered as a capital distribution rather than a disbursement of income, with different tax implications.\" To be researches further. There are certainly Share Plans in Australia, where you can take a dividend as shares. Thewse would be in the nature of Bonus Shares. They are a tradeoff from cash dividends. Other terms to model: A \"Scheme of Arrangment\" - does this change the capital reserves or is it just another word for restructure. An arrangement with the company's debtors, and coule potentially change the capital base by converting the debt to shares (see other diagram note with these in).	rel:definition	1
hmda covered loan contract	a closed-end mortgage loan or open-end line of credit that is not an excluded transaction for HMDA reporting under US section 1003.3(c) of the Revised Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 2015	rel:definition	1
contractual controlling party	A party which exercises some control which is set out in some contract.	rel:definition	1
inr mitor ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for INR-MITOR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
purposive thing	Something described in terms of its purpose or potential purpose. Editorial Note: That which fulfils this role is generally taken to be some kind of Independent Thing However it is conceivable that the existence of some relative thing, for example an asset, may itself be put to a purpose over and above the role or context already defined for it, and wholly dependent on it being that relative thing and not siply a thing in itself. therefore the identity relationship is modeled with a range of Thing, but is modeled as a separate relationship to that of Relative Thing in order to make this conclusion explicit. This relationship need not be used in operational application ontologies as it adds no new logical assertion.	rel:definition	1
incapacitated adult	an adult who is legally identified as not having legal capacity, typically as a result of some inherent physical or mental incapacity or as a result of having contracted some illness which temporarily deprives them of such capacity	rel:definition	1
mid price	Mid (arithmetic mean) between Bid and Offer (Ask) price. Referred to in Europe not in US. e.g. LSE published a Mid price. Always an exchange that publishes. Question from editor: Can a Mid Price ever be an allotted price? Suspect not. Same question for Dealt Price.	rel:definition	1
third party corporate action	Some action initiated by some third party to the security, i.e. not the issuer.	rel:definition	1
promised cash flow asset	An asset which takes the form of some promised future cashflow. This may be securitized.	rel:definition	1
financial instrument classifier	a standardized classifier for a financial instrument based on its type	rel:definition	1
weekday	A day during the week, as a temporal unit.	rel:definition	1
basket of equity indices	A basket of indices which are all equity-only indices.	rel:definition	1
nok nibor oibor	the FpML floating interest index for NOK-NIBOR-OIBOR	rel:definition	1
holder disclosure	An action by a holder to voluntarily disclose some information. Examples: ENRON Disclosure rules. This is an action by the Holder on discovery of their legal requirement. Is there an Issuer action If so there may be an Issuer action asking for such disclosure. Or this may not exist since at the time of the action the Issuer should know all this. Conclusion: From a CA viewpoint specifically, the Disclosure would be from the holder.	rel:definition	1
option payout commitment	Commitment by the issuer to pay out on an option should the holder choose to exercise this.	rel:definition	1
designated contract market	an exchange, trading system, or platform that enables listing for trading futures or option contracts based on any underlying commodity, index or instrument	rel:definition	1
usd libor libo	the FpML floating interest index for USD-LIBOR-LIBO	rel:definition	1
sek stibor bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for SEK-STIBOR-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
canadian producer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the change over time in the prices of a fixed-basket of domestic producer goods and services	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs final prospectus	Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
foreign exchange option transaction	Define option as a wrapper. Done on a spot txn, but could logically be others. Adds the right whether or not to go into that.	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement obligations terms	Terms setting out the obligations on one or other party to the agreement.	rel:definition	1
current population survey	a survey conducted on a regular basis that presents analytical information related to the general population of a given statistical area with respect to labor force, employment, unemployment, persons not in the labor force, hours of work, earnings, and other demographic and labor force characteristics	rel:definition	1
depositary receipt issuer	The party which is the issuer of a Depository Receipt in some jurisdiciton.	rel:definition	1
expression	a finite combination of symbols that are well-formed according to applicable rules	rel:definition	1
option premium expression	The formal expression of the Option Premium.	rel:definition	1
role	A role is a set of connected behaviours, rights, obligations, beliefs, and norms as conceptualised by actors in the context of some situation.	rel:definition	1
chf annual swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-Annual Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
property valuation historical information	Valuation of the property at some point in time.	rel:definition	1
futures index underlying	An economic rate which is the underlying of a Futures contract.	rel:definition	1
tax withholding liability	Obligation in respect of liability for tax. This defines whether or not the party which is required to deduct some tax payment and does not do so, is then entitled to receive the funds from the other party in the event that a liability for this tax is later assessed against the first party.	rel:definition	1
rub annual swap rate tradition reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-Annual Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
regional sovereignty	the legal person that corresponds to an administrative division, administrative unit, administrative entity or country subdivision (or, sometimes, geopolitical division or subnational entity), that has the capacity to incur debt, issue contracts, and enter into relations with other similar entities	rel:definition	1
measurement instrument	An instrument whose purpose is to measure some variable, for example in some physical process.	rel:definition	1
not for profit corporation	a corporation approved by its jurisdictional oversight and taxing authorities as operating for educational, charitable, social, religious, civic or humanitarian purposes	rel:definition	1
bond offer issue	An Issue of one or more Bonds, as all or part of an Offering of these bonds to the market.	rel:definition	1
share option entitlement	The entitlements to the holder of a single share option, comprised in an option contract or transaction supplement.	rel:definition	1
universal loan identifier	a unique identifier given to unequivocally identify a specific mortgage loan.	rel:definition	1
dividend reinvestment	Dividend payment where cash dividend is rolled over into additional shares in the issuing company.	rel:definition	1
unit investment trust	an investment company which (a) is organized under a trust indenture, contract of custodianship or agency, or similar instrument, (b) does not have a board of directors, and (c) issues only redeemable securities, each of which represents an undivided interest in a unit of specified securities; but does not include a voting trust	rel:definition	1
formally constituted organization	Any organization with some formal contractual agreement among its principals	rel:definition	1
aud libor bba bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
fixed strike terms	Contractual terms setting out a fixed, pre-agreed price or level at which the option is to be struck.	rel:definition	1
issue over allotment terms	Terms for Change to an Issue Amount. A provision in an underwriting agreement, which allows members of the underwriting syndicate to purchase additional shares at the original price.	rel:definition	1
bank account	an account held or provided by, as a service, a bank	rel:definition	1
weighted average coupon	The weighted-average gross interest rates of the pool of mortgages that underlie a mortgage-backed security (MBS) at the time the securities were issued. A mortgage-backed security's current WAC can differ from its original WAC as the underlying mortgages pay down at different speeds. In the weighted-average calculation, the principal balance of each underlying mortgage is used as the weighting factor	rel:definition	1
strike price specification	The strike price for the option is the agreed price for the transaction if this takes place. Applies to all options types. Action: Make sure that's there for all Options types.	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap eurex lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-6M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
tranched mbs issue underwriter	The party which agrees to buy any certificates that are not bought by investors Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
periodic date series	A series of dates at regular intervals.	rel:definition	1
contract	a voluntary, deliberate, and legally binding agreement between two or more competent parties	rel:definition	1
autonomous agent	An agent is an autonomous individual that can adapt to and interact with its environment.	rel:definition	1
date determination	The determination or adjustment of some date according to some rule.	rel:definition	1
partnership with general and limited partners	a partnership having both limited partners and general partners	rel:definition	1
debt conversion terms	Contractual specifications when a Convertible Bond can be converted to another security (usually of the same issuer).	rel:definition	1
fund supervisory authority	The legal entity which supervises the fund or fund industry	rel:definition	1
secured loan contract	a loan contract that is secured by some collateral	rel:definition	1
control related contract	A contract in which one party agrees to confer some degree and type of control upon the other party to that contract.	rel:definition	1
fund unit holding	A holding of a unit in another fund.	rel:definition	1
equity observable	An equity underlying component, which can be either a single equity asset, an equity index, or a custom basket of equity assets.	rel:definition	1
insurance company	a non-depository institution whose primary and predominant business activity is the writing of insurance or the reinsuring of risks underwritten by insurance companies, and that provides compensation based on the happening of one or more contingencies	rel:definition	1
eur eonia average	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-AVERAGE	rel:definition	1
bond issuance program	A series of bond issuances over time.	rel:definition	1
second home loan	A loan which may be used for a vacation home or second home used for personal reasons.	rel:definition	1
usd annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
yield calculation formula	The formula used in determining the Yield.	rel:definition	1
interest payment in kind	Interest payment, in any kind except cash, distributed to holders of an interest bearing asset. SWIFT = PINK	rel:definition	1
pacpo tranche	Planned Amortization Class principal only tranche.	rel:definition	1
bond default notification	Notification of non payment of interest or non payment of debt principal when due.	rel:definition	1
usd overnight bank funding rate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Overnight Bank Funding Rate	rel:definition	1
loan maturity	THe length of time from the present until the loan or mortgage matures, that is the date when the last of the principal is paid off along with all interest.	rel:definition	1
basis swap	a swap in which payment streams are referenced to different bases	rel:definition	1
grd athibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for GRD-ATHIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
limited partner equity	equity in a partnership held by limited partners; this is not accompanied by any liability capability on the part of the holders of this equity.	rel:definition	1
option strip reset schedule	Schedule of dates on which the Option Strip rate is determined and reset.	rel:definition	1
unilateral commitment	A commitment made by one party without reference to the party to which the commitment is made.	rel:definition	1
debt	an obligation to pay something, such as an amount of money, good, service, or instrument	rel:definition	1
date specification	The specification of a Specified Date.	rel:definition	1
forward contract adjustment method	Method by which adjustments will be made to the forward contract should one or more of a number of extraordinary events occur.	rel:definition	1
corporate officer duty	some duty incumbent upon some officer of a company	rel:definition	1
fund accountant	The party that keeps accounting records of the available assets and liabilities of the Fund. It calculates dealing prices, the Net Asset Value (NAV) of the Fund, and may provide fund performance and tax data. Can be subcontracted by the FundAdministrator.	rel:definition	1
consent solicitation	Solicitation of shareholders consent. Procedure aimed at obtaining consent of holders to proposal by issuer or a third party without a formal general meeting.	rel:definition	1
share price spread	Bid offer spread applies to any traded instrument.	rel:definition	1
civilian non institutional population	a statistical universe consisting of people of a certain age who reside in a given region, do not live in institutions (for example, correctional facilities, long-term care hospitals, and nursing homes), and are not on active military duty	rel:definition	1
price rate spread specification	The specification of a price in terms of the difference between that price as a percentage, and some publicly available rate at that same point in time, such as the interest rate on a Treasury Note or an inter-bank rate (IBOR).	rel:definition	1
offering document terms	Terms which are contained in the identified IOffering Document and are considered legally binding within the Issuance and Offering process, if they exist.	rel:definition	1
auction date rule	a business recurrence interval convention that is a published rule for defining the date of some auction event	rel:definition	1
forward delivery terms set	The delivery of something in the future, at an agreed date or dates and under agreed terms.	rel:definition	1
put window	an explicit period of time prior to a put date during which holder or agent must give notice to an issuer	rel:definition	1
derivatives clearing organization	an entity that enables each party to an agreement, contract, or transaction to substitute, through novation or otherwise, the credit of the DCO for the credit of the parties; arranges or provides, on a multilateral basis, for the settlement or netting of obligations; or otherwise provides clearing services or arrangements that mutualize or transfer credit risk among participants	rel:definition	1
security term sheet	A set of written terms for a future financial security setting out legal or contractual rights, obligations and the like, but not (or not yet) forming part of a set of Contractual Terms of the security contract.	rel:definition	1
thb sor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for THB-SOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
reference entity	The legal entity on which the protection buyer is buying or selling protection and any successor that assumes all or substantially all of its contractual and other obligations. This is the legal entity to which a Credit Event refers, if the event is defined in relation to some legal entity.	rel:definition	1
inr semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for INR-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
contract for difference	Cash settled contract where you buy or sell control of a particular asset such as USD. Further notes: You don't expect to deliver it, instead, at the end of the stated period you will take the current market value of the asset and pay the difference between the current market value and the value that you contracted for. Review session notes: Q: What are they? A: Cash settled contract where you buy or sell control of a particular asset such as USD. You don't expect to deliver it, instead, at the end of th estated period you will take the current market value of the asset and pay the difference between the current market value and the value that you contracted for. Just the same as a non deliverable forward. Differences: CFD are more a retail based product, they don't speciy a delivery date, they roll on a daily basis, the holder pays a margin but they don't determine the date where you have to settle. They rollover each day, but each day the holder has to provide a margin (and fees). Can roll along as long as you like, squaring up the current value and roll on for next day. No option to gake any value out of it. You can choose to terminate it, at which point youclear it at its current market value on that day and don't roll it over for the next. Developed to allow peopl ewho don't have the ability to hold the cash, to run a balance in a foreign ccy. What sort of assets? 1. Currency 2. No others known. Logically possible. Can be equity or anything. Q: What sort of facts apply: Delivery dates Quantities For non uniform assets: grades or qualities of those assets (e.g. oil0 Counterparties Earlier notes: Notes taken during Traded options SME Review: Traded in Australia and LSE. Presently these are predominantly OTC.	rel:definition	1
issue credit rating	The creditworthiness of the overall issue as determined by a Ratings Agency.	rel:definition	1
published financial information	published information made available by a financial information publisher	rel:definition	1
make whole feature	a call provision allowing the issuer to pay off remaining debt early	rel:definition	1
message	Some message communicating something from some party to some other party.	rel:definition	1
objective	a statement of a quantitative, measurable result that a person, organization, or system seeks to attain in order to achieve its goals	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs issue underwriter	The party which agrees to buy any certificates that are not bought by investors Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
trust beneficiary	Person or organization for whose present or future interest (benefit) an annuity, assignment (such as a letter of credit), contract, insurance policy, judgment, promise, trust, will, etc., is made	rel:definition	1
usd cmt	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CMT-T7051	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs instrument note	An individual note of a pass through instrument.	rel:definition	1
base rate	a reference rate that is the base rate set by a central bank for a given currency	rel:definition	1
trustor	Entity that establishes a trust and place property under the protection and management of one or more trustees for the immediate or eventual benefit of ascertainable one or more beneficiaries. It is not always necessary to identify the trustor who may be also be a trustee and/or one of the beneficiaries. In legal parlance, a trustor is called a settlor in the UK and a grantor in the US, whereas in common usage he or she may also be called a creator, donor, initiator, owner, or Trust maker.	rel:definition	1
jpy tsr telerate	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TSR-Telerate-15:00	rel:definition	1
clearing	The process by which securities trades are cleared.	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-TIBM-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
forward cash conditional delivery commitment	Commitment to deliver agreed amountof cash in the event that the option is exercised.	rel:definition	1
pool backed security instrument	A type of bond or note which derives its cashflow from some underlying pool of debt in which loans or mortgage advanced to borrowers are pooled together for the purposes of creating this type of security. Further notes: This is distinguished from CDO instruments which have an underlying pool of debt securities, as distinct from an underlying pool of loan products such as mortgages, credit cards or loans.	rel:definition	1
state chartered bank	a commercial bank whose charter is approved by a state banking department	rel:definition	1
accumulating share class	A share class in which there is no option to reinvest.	rel:definition	1
system of units	a set of measurement units associated with a system of quantities, together with a set of rules that assign one measurement unit to be the base unit for each base quantity in the system of quantities and a set of rules for the derivation of other units from the base units	rel:definition	1
clo deal	An issue of Collateralized Loan Obligations.	rel:definition	1
gbp libor bba	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
rea claim	Some imbalance, at a given point in time, between the respective rights and obligations of two parties with respect to one another.	rel:definition	1
percentage	a proportion of something expressed as a percentage amount	rel:definition	1
price parameter specification	The specification of a price as a quote of the primary parameter passed into an algorithm used to calculate the Present Value of the relevant Asset.	rel:definition	1
synthetic debt spv	A Special Purpose Vehicle set up for the issuance of synthetics CDOs. This entity (like all SPVs) its itself registered as some kind of legal entity, distinct from the sponsoring organization. It becomes the Issuer of Synthetic CDO issues.	rel:definition	1
prepayment speed	The rate at which the pool is paying down.	rel:definition	1
foreign exchange service	a financial service involving the exchange of one currency for another, conversion of one currency for another, and transfer of money from one country to another whereby currency conversion is required	rel:definition	1
equity stake in fund	A stake held in a fund by way of a Share Class Unit.	rel:definition	1
standardized options terms	A standardized set of terms for an options contract. These are defined by a securities exchange or an options clearing entity. Options contracts issued by the exchange may embody these terms or have equivalent terms which override these.	rel:definition	1
master agreement	A legal contract which is deemed to apply to a number of future activities between the parties thereto and having force over future agreements or contracts to be brought into effect between those parties.	rel:definition	1
legal requirement	A requirement driven by legal instruments, that is a requirement which is defined in and mandated by some body of statute law.	rel:definition	1
eur libor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
mortgage pool	A number of mortgages combined into a single pool and used as an asset.	rel:definition	1
abaiin registry entry	an entry in the ABA IIN registry, a repository of financial institution characteristics collected by the ABA for those institutions to which they issue IINs	rel:definition	1
cad tbill reuters	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-TBILL-Reuters	rel:definition	1
otc transaction confirmation	a formal confirmation document that codifies the terms and conditions of the transaction between the parties	rel:definition	1
branch of government	a division of the government of a state, with separate and independent powers and areas of responsibility so that the powers of one branch are not in conflict with the powers associated with the other branches	rel:definition	1
bank for international settlements	an international financial organization that serves central banks in their pursuit of monetary and financial stability, helping to foster international cooperation in those areas and acting as a bank for central banks	rel:definition	1
non agency io tranche	Interest Only tranche, meaning that this tranche will only pay interest.	rel:definition	1
issued debt	debt that is set out by the borrower in some form of financial security in which the lender is the holder or counterparty of that security	rel:definition	1
document status	Type or status of a document, specifically Draft or final. Not the same as versioning of a revision-controlled formal document.	rel:definition	1
option intrinsic value	Intrinsic Value (Calls): When the underlying security's price is higher than the strike price a call option is said to be \"in-the-money.\" Intrinsic Value (Puts): If the underlying security's price is less than the strike price, a put option is \"in-the-money.\" Only in-the-money options have intrinsic value, representing the difference between the current price of the underlying security and the option's exercise price, or strike price.	rel:definition	1
option theoretical value	Theoretical value looks at variability of the price. The longer until exercise the more this will vary. the more likely it is to finish in the money, the more I am likely to pay for it. But meanwhile, I also have to look at the current value - the amount I would pay for the thing. Any change would be a cost to me.	rel:definition	1
crd credit institution	an undertaking whose business is to receive deposits or other repayable funds from the public and to grant credits for its own account as defined by the European Banking Authority (EBA)	rel:definition	1
market price	A price determined about a trading market as a whole.	rel:definition	1
skk bribor nbsk	the FpML floating interest index for SKK-BRIBOR-NBSK07	rel:definition	1
securities issuance agreement	A formal agreement, deed or contract in respect of some intended securities issuance.	rel:definition	1
hkd isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-ISDA-Swap Rate-4:00	rel:definition	1
discounted cp	A Discounted CP is similar to a Treasury Bill except the maturity is 270 days or less. Therefore (draft definition): A Money Market instrument (short term debt instrument) issued by a corporation for the purposes of raising funds. This is tradable and accretes interest i.e. it is a Discounted Instrument. It has a maturity of 270 days or less.	rel:definition	1
major swap participant	a financial service provider that maintains a substantial position in swaps for any of the major swap categories, excluding positions held for hedging or mitigating commercial risk and positions maintained by an employee benefit plan for the primary purpose of hedging or mitigating any risk directly associated with the operation of the plan	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
tax reclaim activity message	"Message about some Tax Reclaim activity. SWIFT:\""Event related to tax reclaim activities.\""	rel:definition	1
tax reclaim activity message	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/CAE/AboutCAE/CAESpecification>	<http://purl.org/dc/terms/isPartOf>	1
tax reclaim activity message	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/CAE/CorporateEvents/CorporateActionsEvents/TaxReclaimActivityMessage>	rel:isDefinedBy	1
tax reclaim activity message	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
issuer formal offer notification	""Notification of some formal offer by the issuer of the security."	rel:definition	1
ffiec up prepay speed	Public Securities Association (PSA) speed used for the underlying collateral for cash-flow calculations in the \"up 300\" scenario.	rel:definition	1
repofunds rate italy ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for REPOFUNDS RATE-ITALY-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
securities transaction identifier	an identifier for a securities transaction	rel:definition	1
unemployment rate	an economic indicator representing the ratio of the unemployed population with respect to the civilian labor force of a given economy for some specified period	rel:definition	1
customer	a buyer that receives or consumes products (goods or services) and has the ability to choose between different products and suppliers	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate tradition reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
business goal	A Goal is a state or condition of the enterprise to be brought about or sustained through appropriate Means.	rel:definition	1
bijuridicial jurisdiction	One system of law under which a Bijuridicial Jurisdiction is governed is the system of Common Law.	rel:definition	1
bijuridicial jurisdiction	A Jurisdiction in which two or more systems of law are in force.	rel:definition	1
bijuridicial jurisdiction	One system of law under which a Bijuridicial Jurisdiction is governed is the system of Civil Law.	rel:definition	1
cad libor bba bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
supplier	a party that supplies goods or services	rel:definition	1
legal entity identifier	an organization identifier that uniquely identifies a legal person as defined in ISO 17442	rel:definition	1
equity dividend swap	No definition FpML: Specifies the structure of the dividend swap transaction supplement.	rel:definition	1
conversion suspension action	Suspensiion of conversion of securities generally a couple of weeks before a meeting takes place. SWIFT = SCOP	rel:definition	1
committed credit facility tranche	A tranche of a credit facility which has been formally agreed between a potential lender and a potential borrower.	rel:definition	1
committed credit facility tranche	A contractually committed line of credit which is issued as a revolving line of credit which can be drawn upon and has collateral	rel:definition	1
russian yield formula	This is based on a different Effective Yield than on another market.	rel:definition	1
publication	anything made public by print (such as a newspaper, magazine, pamphlet, letter, telegram, via computer modem or program, or in a poster, brochure or pamphlet), orally, or by broadcast (radio, television)	rel:definition	1
loan conditions	Conditions which must be met by the Borrower during the course of the loan. Breach of these conditions will have predetermined consequences.	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs draft prospectus	The draft prospectus for a pass through Mortgage Backed Securities issue, as determined by the issuing agency prior to marketing the issue. Certain terms in the draft prospectus will be finalized later in the issuance process to become the actual Prospectus. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
mbs issuer	The issuer of a Mortgage Backed Security.	rel:definition	1
rub mosprime reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-MOSPRIME-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
myr klibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for MYR-KLIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
revolving line of credit tranche	A contractually committed line of credit which is issued as a revolving line of credit which can be drawn upon and has collateral	rel:definition	1
rule determined date	a date determined by the application of some rule	rel:definition	1
usd treasury rate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Treasury Rate-T500	rel:definition	1
inflation swap transaction	A transaction in which one leg is based on an inflation rate and the other leg is based on an interest rate (usually or always fixed interest).	rel:definition	1
sek stibor side	the FpML floating interest index for SEK-STIBOR-SIDE	rel:definition	1
capital	financial capital, which represents obligations, and is liquidated as money for trade, and owned by legal entities	rel:definition	1
loan collateral agreement	Contract in which the borrower of a collateralized securied loan agrees the terms on which the collateral is made available to the Lender.	rel:definition	1
future options exercise terms set	Contractual terms defining when or under what circumstances an options instrument may be exercised.	rel:definition	1
value added producer price index	an economic indicator representing a weighted average of the input and output producer price indices	rel:definition	1
productivity	an economic indicator representing a ratio of a volume measure of output to a volume measure of input use	rel:definition	1
pln wibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for PLN-WIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
option time value	Prior to expiration, any premium in excess of intrinsic value is called time value. Time value is also known as the amount an investor is willing to pay for an option above its intrinsic value, in the hope that at some time prior to expiration its value will increase because of a favorable change in the price of the underlying security. The longer the amount of time for market conditions to work to an investor's benefit, the greater the time value.	rel:definition	1
credit agreement terms	Terms relating to an agreement to extend some committed credit facility on the part of a potential lender to a potential borrower.	rel:definition	1
cnh hibor tma	the FpML floating interest index for CNH-HIBOR-TMA	rel:definition	1
fund	Distinct pool of financial instruments managed by a single investment policy.	rel:definition	1
cooperative bank	a state-chartered savings association located in Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island or Vermont	rel:definition	1
non cash securities delivery	Delivery is by some other means.	rel:definition	1
legally capable person	a person who is allowed to conduct a business or any other occupation on his or her own behalf or for their own account	rel:definition	1
minimum margin	The lowest amount an account can reach before needing to be replenished.	rel:definition	1
inr bmk	the FpML floating interest index for INR-BMK	rel:definition	1
desired result	End that is a state or target that an autonomous agent intends to maintain or sustain Editorial Note: Original definition from BMM, which is too narrow (defined only in context of business) states: \"end that is a state or target that the enterprise intends to maintain or sustain\" Definition Adapted From: BMM	rel:definition	1
national securities identifying number	a generic, nine-digit alpha numeric code which identifies a fungible security, assigned by a national numbering agency under the ISO 6166 standard	rel:definition	1
fund classification	The category of the fund according to the asset class. This is a published code by which the Fund is classified. Further notes: Could be EFCF codes. This is the way in which \"Type of fund\" is articulated.	rel:definition	1
instalment call	Increase of share capital through additional payment on face value of partly-paid shares, with part payments in several instalments. SWIFT = PPMT	rel:definition	1
notice	Some formal communication in which some party makes a statement to the reader or the world at large about some fact or occurrence.	rel:definition	1
notice	Some formal written communication, setting out the position of some party or parties about some matter.	rel:definition	1
notice	Some formal written communication, notifying some party or parties about some fact or occurrence.	rel:definition	1
notice	Some formal written communication from some party to another party or parties or to the world at large, notifying them about some fact or occurrence.	rel:definition	1
notice	Some formal written document prepared by some party which is typically regarded as an authority in the subject matter, setting out some formal position in respect of some other party, which may be used by that party as a point of reference about that subject matter to the world at large.	rel:definition	1
option buyer commitment	Commitments, if any, on the part of the holder (buyer) of the Option.	rel:definition	1
ir option underlying	The underlying on a Commodities Option, which is the corresponding Commodity Future contract on the same exchange.	rel:definition	1
currency forward rate	a rate of exchange between two currencies for settlement at some future point in time, expressed as a premium on the spot rate	rel:definition	1
mutual agreement	an agreement between two or more specific named parties. The rights and obligations pertaining to either party cannot be transferred to another party without prior agreement	rel:definition	1
gbp libor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
security issuance certificate	A notice, statement, declaration, memorandum or other formal written communication in respect of some securities issue, sent out by or on behalf of the issuers of some intended securities issue.	rel:definition	1
security issuance certificate	A formal memorandum in respect of some securities issuance.	rel:definition	1
security issuance certificate	Certificate as defined in DTCC terms for type of Offering Document. REVIEW: It is not known whether this is the security certificate itself, or a certificate relating to the Offering of a new Security or issue.	rel:definition	1
security issuance certificate	A formal agreement, deed or contract in respect of some intended securities issuance.	rel:definition	1
explicitly scheduled event	An event which is scheduled in advance to take place on some specific date.	rel:definition	1
explicitly scheduled event	an occurrence of a specific occurence kind (scheduled event) and that occurs as part of some regular schedule	rel:definition	1
settlement entity	A entity as seen for transaction settlement purposes.	rel:definition	1
status code value	The value of the status of something that is set in terms of a list of selectable values taken from a list, which may take different values from that list at different times.	rel:definition	1
registration identifier	an identifier that is officially allocated to an organization at the time of registration, typically in a jurisdiction in which said organization is organized or registered and used in that jurisdiction to identify the organization	rel:definition	1
statute law	written law (as opposed to oral or customary law) set down by a legislature or by a legislator (in the case of an absolute monarchy)	rel:definition	1
non agency jump tranche	A tranche where if there is some sort of trigger event reached then the holders of the tranche will begin to receive payments.	rel:definition	1
unit	A unit of measure ofa quantity, time or anything else which is measurable. NB don't confuse this with units in a Trust Fund!!	rel:definition	1
non governmental organization	a not for profit organization that is a citizen-based group that functions independently of government	rel:definition	1
legal agent	any party that has been legally empowered to act on behalf of another party	rel:definition	1
financial service provider	a functional entity either licensed to provide financial services to consumers and/or businesses or established by law to provide financial services, such as a central bank	rel:definition	1
unconditional right	A right to which no conditions are applied. Further Notes; these may be moral, consititutional. Contractual and so on.	rel:definition	1
month	A Julian calendar month	rel:definition	1
notional step percentage amount	the percentage amount by which the notional changes on each step date	rel:definition	1
regulated market	a medium for the exchange of goods or services over which a government body exerts a level of control. This control may require market participants to comply with environmental standards, product-safety specifications, information disclosure requirements and so on.	rel:definition	1
ron annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for RON-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
liquidation event	Liquidating dividend/Liquidation consist of a distribution of cash, assets, or both. Debt may be paid in order of priority based on preferred claims to assets specified by the security. SWIFT = LIQU	rel:definition	1
registration authority code	an identifier that uniquely identifies a business registry, issued by the Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF)	rel:definition	1
regulatory agency	a public authority or government agency responsible for exercising autonomous authority over some area of human activity in a regulatory or supervisory capacity	rel:definition	1
federal reserve district identifier	an identifier associated with a Federal Reserve district	rel:definition	1
fund share class unit dividend	Expected dividend payment from a Fund Unit. REVIEW: Does this apply to the Fund as a whole or to a unit in the fund? This term will be redefined following the Funds model restructuring	rel:definition	1
negotiable security	a security that can be transferred or delivered to another party	rel:definition	1
wall street yield calculation method	No definition.Term put here from memory.	rel:definition	1
formally constituted organization member	A member of some formally constituted organization.	rel:definition	1
fixed coupon bond	A bond which pays a fixed rate of interest at regular intervals.	rel:definition	1
debt offering	an offering of one or more debt instruments for sale	rel:definition	1
inr mibor ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for INR-MIBOR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
government agency	a permanent or semi-permanent organization, often an appointed commission, in the machinery of government that is responsible for the oversight and administration of specific functions	rel:definition	1
trading date rule	a rule for dates defined with reference to some trading date calendar published by some trading facility or authority, such as a stock exchange	rel:definition	1
securities exchange	an organized, national exchange where securities, options, and futures contracts may be traded by members for their own accounts and for the accounts of their customers	rel:definition	1
treatment capability	Whereby it is possible that a thing can be treated according to these constructs	rel:definition	1
dkk cibor bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for DKK-CIBOR2-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
contractual economic commitment	Some Commitment, made as part of a transaction (economic) agreement, which has contractual standing.	rel:definition	1
financial information publisher	a formal organization acting as a publisher or provider of information related to the financial markets or of interest to financial market participants such as information on economies	rel:definition	1
registry entry	an entry in a registry that specifies something about the thing that is registered	rel:definition	1
equity instrument issue information	Information about the Issuance of an Equity Security, which is maintained throughout the life of the Security.	rel:definition	1
regulated commodity	a commodity under the jurisdiction of the regulatory agency, such as the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTF), which includes any commodity traded in an organized contracts market	rel:definition	1
asset	A thing held by some party and having some value.	rel:definition	1
scheduled trading day type	When calculating the number of days between two dates the count includes only scheduled trading days.	rel:definition	1
post code area	a physical area uniquely identified by some postal code	rel:definition	1
address	an index to a location to which communications may be delivered	rel:definition	1
securities issue memorandum	A formal memorandum in respect of some securities issuance.	rel:definition	1
loan application borrower assessment information	Information about the borrower in relation to the loan. Specifically this is a bundle of information whose purpose is to identify the borrower and to assess their ability to pay (credit worthiness etc.)	rel:definition	1
disposition right	The right to dispose of a thing as one sees fit	rel:definition	1
unit price monetary specification	The specification of a price in terms of some monetary amount, that is a number and a currency unit, in exchange for one unit if the item so priced.	rel:definition	1
auditor	an individual qualified (at the state level) to conduct audits. An auditor may be an internal auditor (an individual whose primary job function is to audit his or her own company) or an external auditor (an individual from outside the company, who typically is employed by an auditing firm who handles many different clients).	rel:definition	1
payment event	an event that involves delivery of money in fulfillment of an obligation	rel:definition	1
unconditional obligation	An obligation which is not conditional on the occurrence of any event or the existence or continuation of any condition.	rel:definition	1
day month value	a single value representing a day of a month in any given year	rel:definition	1
interest payment	Payment of Interest to the Holder. Further notes: Are there options on the Holder? Yes, you can opt to be paid in a certain currency. It is not always defined in the security terms. So if the Terms in the Security terms sheet gives you an option, there is a choice for the Holder at this point. Such choices would include: - Currency - Pay in Kind (\"Spinoff\" or PiK - see PiK corporate Action) Could be mandatory. If there were an option then the letter announcing it would require a response. This is usually stated in the message. Is there a message even if there is no option? Yes. Usually have to generate the events artificially as the Servicing organization. you can't rely on a feed or message coming in but because it is part of the security contract the above has to generate at the expected time, and arrange the payments. Q: That is the point at there was a choice you would expect to see a message, or end up still having to generate it but with the choices. A: The ones with Choices come as announcements and don't ave to be generated by the Service. Older definitin (re-scoped now: An Event in which a payment occurs. Anything can have a payment event. If a thing hits a pay date, whether it's voluntary or mandatory, that's a payment event. Divide into: Securities Cash Combination Payment or Distribution? Are these exclusive? Take an event that's always a combination of options, and an option is a combination of payouts. Generates transactions - determine what txns happen when a customer chooses that option. Distribution / delivery: generic concept Payment - implis cash distribution. So payment is specialization of distribution.	rel:definition	1
issued	The security has been issued into the secondary market.	rel:definition	1
holder response message	A message conveying the Holder's choice in some Corporate Action.	rel:definition	1
classification scheme	a system for allocating classifiers (elements in a classification scheme) to objects, similar to identifiers in some cases; such classification schemes are intended to permit the classification of arbitrary objects into hierarchies (or partial orders)	rel:definition	1
interest payment with principal	A payment of a portion of the principal of an interest bearing asset, in addition to the interest payment. SWIFT = PRII	rel:definition	1
inr semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for INR-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:30-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
verbal contract	a contract that exists as a result of some verbal exchange	rel:definition	1
division	a part of a company, such as a line of business, that may have separate accounting or reporting requirements	rel:definition	1
take no action notification message	"Notification of a Take No Action response. SWIFT: Term: NOAC Definition: \""Take no action\""	rel:definition	1
take no action notification message	holder response message	rel:broader	1
take no action notification message	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/CAE/AboutCAE/CAESpecification>	<http://purl.org/dc/terms/isPartOf>	1
take no action notification message	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/CAE/CorporateEvents/CorporateActionsEvents/TakeNoActionNotificationMessage>	rel:isDefinedBy	1
take no action notification message	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
issuer	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/BP/AboutBP/BPSpecification>	<http://purl.org/dc/terms/isPartOf>	1
issuer	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/BP/SecuritiesIssuance/EquitiesIPOIssuance/Issuer>	rel:isDefinedBy	1
issuer	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
relative yield calculation method	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/MD/AboutMD/MDSpecification>	<http://purl.org/dc/terms/isPartOf>	1
relative yield calculation method	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/MD/DebtTemporal/DebtPricingYields/RelativeYieldCalculationMethod>	rel:isDefinedBy	1
relative yield calculation method	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
value changing activity	""Some event or activity which changes the value of something. Examples: A value changing event can be for instance (in securities), a declaration of a dividend. This is an event which changes the value of something. CAE that are in FIBIM are value changing events. Changes to principal on any loan is a value changing event."	rel:definition	1
local operating unit identifier	an identifier that uniquely identifies a local operating unit (LOU), issued by the Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF)	rel:definition	1
delivery obligation	"This and the Payment Obligation may be set out in one clause of the Master Agreement. This is the clause which obligates the parties to make the payments or deliveries in accordance with those Confirmations, which are generally messages. May be subject to other provisions in the Master Agreement. Example text: \""Each party will make each payment or delivery specified in each Confirmation to be made by it, subject to the other provisions of this Agreement. \""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
delivery obligation	""Obligation to make deliveries on transactions transacted under the Master Agreement, as specified in any Confirmation made by that party."	rel:definition	1
management company	Any investment company that sells and manages a portfolio of securities other than a face-amount certificate company or unit investment fund.	rel:definition	1
constitutional owner	a party that holds an equity stake in some entity, in the form of stockholders' equity	rel:definition	1
debt security bid price	A price quoted for purchase of a quantity of a debt security in the marketplace. This may be either the OTC market or a securities exchange or a composite market consisting of several exchanges or trading facilities.	rel:definition	1
canadian dollar offered rate	a daily interbank offered rate based on the trimmed arithmetic average of the rates at which CDOR submitters would be willing to lend funds for specific terms-to-maturity against the primary market issuance of Banker's Acceptances to clients with existing credit facilities that reference CDOR (i.e. bid-side rates of the primary BA market)	rel:definition	1
exchange offer	Exchange offer; Capital reorganisation. Offer to shareholders to exchange their holdings for other securities and/or cash. Exchange offers are usually voluntary. Example: Where the \"usually voluntary\" comes in is that Announcement Payout Option 1: Cash 2. Stocks 3. Cash and Stock Holder picks option 1, 2 or 3 (= 1 & 2). the voluntary aspect is where it's an Exchange Offer. It's mandatory to pick one of 1 - 3. Otherwise defaults to cash on payment date. Option Payout Componnet is the terms for the choice. Exchange Offer may be voluntary, not always Mandator With Choice. for example, there are legal qualifications on what is possible. Preceded by Tender Offer. Consequences dependent on scenarios. Once the firm making the offer gets to a given (legally defined) threshold e.g. 90% then they have the right to acquire all of the outstanding shares. An Exchange Offer is therefore a specialization of a Tender Offer. It's the specialization where the above mentioned requirements have been met. Further detail: Happens in a wider range of circumsntaces. Is soecifically associated with the issuer. this could be voluntary or not. EXOF could be any of the three (mand, vol, man w choice). tendre is always voluntary.	rel:definition	1
twd quarterly annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
master agreement account change notification obligation	The obligtation to notify the counterparty to this agreement, of any changes in account details.	rel:definition	1
single currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap in which the two streams of interest payments are in the same currency	rel:definition	1
credit reference agency requirements	REquirements other than data protection, governing what a credit reference agency can or cannot do.	rel:definition	1
pool equity	a share or proportion of the capital gains in some pool investment such as a fund or a debt asset pool	rel:definition	1
statutory reporting entity	An entity which is obliged to report for statutory purposes.	rel:definition	1
currency option exercise terms set	Contractual terms defining when or under what circumstances an currency option is to be exercised.	rel:definition	1
dividend period	A dividend payment period.	rel:definition	1
credit score category	a credit score that is a qualitative measure	rel:definition	1
iso standard	A standard published and mandated by the International Standards Organisation (ISO).	rel:definition	1
currency	medium of exchange value, defined by reference to the geographical location of the authorities responsible for it	rel:definition	1
cad tbill reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-TBILL-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
zero coupon and oid bond call terms set	Terms defining the Call options for a Zero Coupon or OID Bond.	rel:definition	1
average hourly earnings	a measure of the average hourly wage an employee makes over the reporting period	rel:definition	1
exposure	the extent to which an individual or organization is unprotected and open to damage, danger, risk of suffering a loss, or uncertainty	rel:definition	1
sinking fund amortization terms set	Terms for the paydown of principal in a sinking fund type of amortizing security.	rel:definition	1
government issued license	grant of permission needed to legally perform some task, provide some service, exercise a certain privilege, or pursue some business or occupation	rel:definition	1
chief financial officer	Senior-most executive responsible for financial control and planning of a firm or project. He or she is in charge of all accounting functions including (1) credit control, (2) preparing budgets and financial statements, (3) coordinating financing and fund raising, (4) monitoring expenditure and liquidity, (5) managing investment and taxation issues, (6) reporting financial performance to the board, and (7) providing timely financial data to the CEO. Also called chief finance officer, comptroller, controller, or finance controller.	rel:definition	1
owner	A party in the ownership role; one that owns something. The thing owned is an Asset to that Party.	rel:definition	1
debt collateral	Debt Assets pledged to a lender until a loan is repaid. Further notes: This provides one means by which some extension of finance (such as a loan, debt or equity issue) is under-written.	rel:definition	1
reference obligation	The underlying obligation against which the CDS provides credit protection. The Reference Obligation is a financial instrument that is either issued or guaranteed by the reference entity. It serves to clarify the precise reference entity protection is being offered upon, and its legal position with regard to other related firms (parents/subsidiaries).	rel:definition	1
full faith and credit bond	[definition from Wes]	rel:definition	1
ownership	Ownership is the context in which some Party is said to own some Independent Thing. The Party is defined as such due to its being the owning party to that Thing.	rel:definition	1
pre approval contract	a written commitment to lend when specified conditions are met, e.g. finding suitable property, and unchanged creditworthiness	rel:definition	1
notional step period length	a recurrence interval indicating the frequency with which step changes occur, which is a multiple of the calculation period in the calculation schedule	rel:definition	1
de facto control	control that is understood, due to condition or situation treated as standard or official, even if not explicitly stated (or actually standardized)	rel:definition	1
reference interest rate	a market rate that is a rate of interest paid by or agreed among some bank or set of banks	rel:definition	1
dispersion leg terms	Either leg of a Dispersion Swap. This is a structure defining one or other underlying component of a Dispersion Swap.	rel:definition	1
industrial bank	a limited service financial institution that raises funds by selling certificates called 'investment shares' and by accepting deposits	rel:definition	1
cds cash settlement valuation method	The defined methodology for determining the final price of the reference obligation for purposes of cash settlement. FpML: The ISDA defined methodology for determining the final price of the reference obligation for purposes of cash settlement.	rel:definition	1
real property appraisal	an act of real estate valuation that determines the amount of money a real estate property is worth.	rel:definition	1
arbitrage cdo	Arbitrage CDO/CLO/CBO - the reference assets are bought by a firm or conduit or SPV (Special Purpose Vehicle) with a view to repackage them and sell them on as the structured product.	rel:definition	1
output producer price index	an economic indicator representing a measure of the rate of change over time in the prices of products sold as they leave the producer	rel:definition	1
issuer corporate action announcer	The announcer of an event which is also the issuer of the security that the event is about.	rel:definition	1
green bond	A green bond is a tax-exempt bond issued by federally qualified organizations or by municipalities for the development of brownfield sites. Brownfield sites are areas of land that are underutilized, have abandoned buildings or are underdeveloped, often containing low levels of industrial pollution.	rel:definition	1
credit score model type	a type corresonding to a family of credit scoring algorithms sharing common characteristics	rel:definition	1
sub fund manager	A sub fund manager is ...	rel:definition	1
limited partnership unit	A limited partnership is a form of partnership similar to a general partnership, except that in addition to one or more general partners (GPs) there are one or more limited partners (LPs).	rel:definition	1
senior equity	The most senior class of equity issued in the company. Holders of this class of equity will receive first call on the assets of the company in the event of it being wound up.	rel:definition	1
ils telbor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for ILS-TELBOR01-Reuters	rel:definition	1
market investment goal	A business goal driving investment activities as distinct from day to day commercial trading activities.	rel:definition	1
sar srior suaa	the FpML floating interest index for SAR-SRIOR-SUAA	rel:definition	1
zar prime average	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-PRIME-AVERAGE	rel:definition	1
secondary security offering distribution	An Offering of a security which has been previously issued.	rel:definition	1
convention	The way something is usually done.	rel:definition	1
convention	a widely accepted or established way of doing 'something' within some community of practice	rel:definition	1
consent solicitation communication	Activity in which the issuer of a security, wanting consent, communicates this to the holders, from whom consent would need to be granted.	rel:definition	1
put schedule	a schedule that defines the events associated with the put feature of a debt instrument, i.e, the dates on which the debt instrument may be sold at what price by the holder	rel:definition	1
cash put option	Option to sell cash at an agreed rate on an agreed date.	rel:definition	1
floating interest rate leg	a swapstream in which variable interest is paid on some notional amount, linked to some underlying interest reference rate	rel:definition	1
good faith estimate	GFE - representation by the lender on the costs and implications of settlement (early termination) of the loan.	rel:definition	1
debt issuance process information	Information specific to the Issuance of a Debt security.	rel:definition	1
otc currency option	A contract that grants the holder the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell currency at a specified exchange rate during a specified period of time.	rel:definition	1
cash abs pool	A pool investment consisting of a collection of cash ABS instruments.	rel:definition	1
worst call	The worst case of when the instrument might be called.	rel:definition	1
end of month	a business recurrence interval that indicates the last day of a calendar month, regardless of the length of that month	rel:definition	1
face amount certificate company	an investment company which is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of issuing face-amount certificates of the installment type, or which has been engaged in such business and has any such certificate outstanding	rel:definition	1
commitment to repay	a commitment obliging the borrower to repay funds that have been loaned, in a manner pursuant to a loan contract	rel:definition	1
dividends distribution method	The method by which amounts owing to a holder of an equity or a fund, are distributed, e.g. by payment of a monetary amount or by reinvestment in the same company or fund.	rel:definition	1
usd cp reference dealers	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CP-Reference Dealers	rel:definition	1
local firm	a firm dealing for its own account on markets in financial futures or options or other derivatives and on cash markets for the sole purpose of hedging positions on derivatives markets, or dealing for the accounts of other members of those markets and being guaranteed by clearing members of the same markets, where responsibility for ensuring the performance of contracts entered into by such a firm is assumed by clearing members of the same markets	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs final termsheet	The final termsheet for the pass through MBS issue. This defines the terms for the MBS contract itself. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
loan early prepayment hard penalty terms	Early repayment penalty in the event of the loan being paid off without any refinancing with the same lender.	rel:definition	1
potential tranched issue underwriter	The entity which will become the underwriter for the tranched MBS issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
credit events descriptive terms	Terms describing Credit Events and defining what these are for the purposes of this Agreement.	rel:definition	1
non tradable debt instrument	a debt instrument that may not be bought or sold	rel:definition	1
cfd counterparty	A party which issues or is the counterparty to a Contract For Difference.	rel:definition	1
written contract	a formal contract that is written and signed by the parties thereto	rel:definition	1
sub fund	"The terms given for Fund may relate to fund, sub fund or umbrella. Sub Fund is differentiated by the fact that it is part of an umbrella fund, otherwise it is the same as any other fund. ISO FIBIM Definition for SubFundIndicator (property of InvestmentFund): \""Indicates whether the investment fund is a subfund, when it is a compartment of an umbrella fund. In this case, subfund is a synonym of investment fund and therefore has the same attributes as investment fund.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
sub fund	subfund supervisory authority	rel:supervisedBy	1
sub fund	umbrella fund	rel:isSubFundOf	1
sub fund	""A set of share classes is a compartment of an umbrella fund. In this case, subfund is a synonym of investment fund and therefore has the same attributes as investment fund."	rel:definition	1
legal proceedings status selection	The status of any legal proceedings.	rel:definition	1
obligation conditional on some circumstance	An Obligation which is conditional on the existence or continuing existence of some circumstance.	rel:definition	1
spin off	Demerger; Distribution; Unbundling. A distribution of subsidiary stock to the shareholders of the parent company without a surrender of shares. Spin-off represents a form of divestiture resulting in an independent company.	rel:definition	1
forward delivery commitment	A commitment to deliver something at some time or under some terms in the future.	rel:definition	1
investment portfolio	An account containing a number of financial instruments along with cash positions in one or more currencies.	rel:definition	1
commodity underlying	The underlying of a Commodity Derivative, that is the commodity itself which underlies the contract.	rel:definition	1
numeric amount	An amount of some discrete thing Note: does not require units as the individual things are counted. Tech note: in other (data) standards this stands alongside (material) Amount rather than above it see e.g. CCTS, ISO 20022 v1.5	rel:definition	1
labor productivity gross output	a ratio of a quantity index of gross output to a quantity index of labor input	rel:definition	1
equity option otc contract	Definition needed	rel:definition	1
compulsion capacity	The ability to compel the activities of a thing	rel:definition	1
structured collection	a collection that has a clearly defined structure or organization	rel:definition	1
nil paid	Nil paid	rel:definition	1
date returned by settlement date rule	a rule-determined date that is a published rule for defining the date returned by settlement date	rel:definition	1
tranche type	the type of tranche in a tranched MBS security	rel:definition	1
monetary amount	the measure which is an amount of money specified in monetary units	rel:definition	1
when issued	When Issued or Gray Market trading is when a security is traded ahead of the date at which it is to be issued.	rel:definition	1
settlement	The process by which securities trades are settled.	rel:definition	1
issuer	any party who issues (or proposes to issue, in a formal filing) any financial instrument, where a party can be a natural person, company, government, or political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality of a government	rel:definition	1
publishing house	some organization whose principal role is to publish information	rel:definition	1
parametric reference entity	An entity, the value of some property of which is used in calculations for some purpose.	rel:definition	1
credit spread	In finance, a credit spread is the yield spread, or difference in yield between different securities, due to different credit quality. The credit spread reflects the additional net yield an investor can earn from a security with more credit risk relative to one with less credit risk. The credit spread of a particular security is often quoted in relation to the yield on a credit risk-free benchmark security or reference rate. Further Notes There are several measures of credit spread, including Z-spread and option-adjusted spread. Old definition (Algo) The spread between the credit rating of something and its maturity. THis is now defined as a different term pending further review with Algorithmics. Update from SMER. difference between risk free price (price of govt bond) and the price of this security. (matches Wikipedia definition above) i.e. price of this credit versus the price of a (near) risk free credit. The latter is a reference security with low risk such as a Treasury Bond. Is this between prices or between yields? can be expressed as either wrt price or yield, and this is detemined by context for different markets. Try and get a list. This is more generic - the meaning is not that it is speciufically wrt yield as such. Debt Price Spread is in context of price, whereas this is more generic.	rel:definition	1
debt instrument issue information	Information about the Issuance of a Debt Security, which is maintained throughout the life of the Security.	rel:definition	1
non depository institution	any financial institution that acts as the middleman between two parties in a financial transaction, and that does not provide traditional depository services, such as brokerage firms, insurance companies, investment companies, etc.	rel:definition	1
dkk cita dkna compound	the FpML floating interest index for DKK-CITA-DKNA14-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
arrears payment history	Historical information about payment of arrears by the entity.	rel:definition	1
convertible share	A Share which is convertible into another security, usually a share in the same company.	rel:definition	1
underwriting automation	a category indicating whether a loan was underwritten manually or using an automated underwriting system	rel:definition	1
private company with limited liability	a hybrid business entity having certain characteristics of both a corporation and a partnership or sole proprietorship (depending on how many owners there are).	rel:definition	1
guarantee providing member	an entity that has issued some guarantee for a body incorporated by the issuance of guarantees	rel:definition	1
formal organization	An Organization that is recognized in some legal jurisdiction, with associated rights and responsibilities. Examples include a Corporation, Charity, Government or Church.	rel:definition	1
cdo tranche seniority selection	The seniority of a tranche of a CDO issue.	rel:definition	1
day count convention	a business recurrence interval convention that is used to calculate the number of days in an interest payment, which applies to the amount of accrued interest or the present value for debt instruments	rel:definition	1
chf usd basis swaps icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF USD-Basis Swaps-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
religious law system	Some system of law based on the ordering principle of reality as being knowledge as revealed by God and governing all human affairs.	rel:definition	1
controlling alliance	Some group of entities which have formed some alliance or agreement in terms of which they jointly exercise control over some entity.	rel:definition	1
financial institution	a financial service provider identified as either a government agency or privately owned entity that collects funds from the public and from other institutions, and invests those funds in financial assets, such as loans, securities, bank deposits, and income-generating property	rel:definition	1
site	A site is a place, setting, or context in which something is situated.	rel:definition	1
index option exercise terms set	Contractual terms defining when or under what circumstances an options instrument may be exercised.	rel:definition	1
underwriting process actor	any actor within the DTYCC Underwriting Process or any other Underwriting Process. Note: At present all these Actors (e.g. Underwriter) are defined simply as Process Actors and not as specializations of this type of Actor. Therefore this Actor is a Union of all of those.	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-17096	rel:definition	1
security note	An individually denominated note within a security or tranche of a security, where this is issued in notes of different denominations.	rel:definition	1
standardized futures option terms set	Standard terms for a futures options contract, determined in advance by the exchange. These will become terms of an individual futures option contract. These may be varied or overridden for individual contracts.	rel:definition	1
debt security interest payment terms	contract terms defining how the interest or coupon on a security should be paid	rel:definition	1
pool backed deal prospectus	Prospectus describing the terms of the issue and each of the instruments included in the pool backed security issue. Term origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
security underwriter	an organization(s) responsible for raising the capital necessary for the issuance of securities on behalf of corporations and governments issuing the securities (both equity and debt)	rel:definition	1
variable	a symbol that represents a parameter in a formula or expression	rel:definition	1
exchange traded security	a listed security that may be traded on a particular exchange	rel:definition	1
money market future	A future instrument where the underlying is a money market instrument.	rel:definition	1
fund legal form	The legal form of the fund, eg Joint Stock Company, SPV etc.	rel:definition	1
coupon stub start date	The calendar date when the coupon stub period is scheduled to start.	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle event occurrence	an occurrence of an event that occurs during a specific stage of a specific trade lifecycle	rel:definition	1
bond offer issue with warrant	A bond issue where the issue includes a Warrant attached. Further notes: ISO 10962 CFI definition is A bond that is issued together with one or more warrant(s) attached as part of the offer, the warrant(s) granting the holder the right to purchase a designated security, often the common stock of the issuer of the debt, at a specified price. Review notes: This need not be any specific type of bond. The warrant is used as a sweetener to encourage people to subscribe to a new bond issue. The Bond and the Warrant trade together as a unit (called \"Bond Unit\").	rel:definition	1
registration requirement	a requirement for registraton of a security within some country, jurisdiction or federal province  ... applies to a registered security, is a function of registration regulations	rel:definition	1
ordinary share dividend	A dividend payable to holders of an ordinary share. This is a payment made at the discretion of the company in which the shares are held, and is based on the profit of that company for the period to which the dividend applies.	rel:definition	1
repossession history	Information about an entity which has a history of repossessions, about those repossessions.	rel:definition	1
share value decrease notification	"The number of the circulating shares remains unchanged. May include a capital pay-out to shareholder. SWIFT full text: \""Reduction of the share capital and face value of a single share. The number of the circulating shares remains unchanged. May include a capital pay-out to shareholder.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
share value decrease notification	""Notification of a reduction of the share capital and face value of a single share."	rel:definition	1
listed security identifier	a security identifier issued in the public domain and referred to in listings and other relevant publications	rel:definition	1
bullion physical delivery	Delivery of any precious metal.	rel:definition	1
notional step schedule	schedule of changes in the notional amount on which interest is paid, comprising the regular sequence of step events	rel:definition	1
securities issuance spv	An SPV set up specifically to issue securities.	rel:definition	1
share value decrease action	Reduction of the share capital and face value of a single share. The number of the circulating shares remains unchanged. May include a capital pay-out to shareholder.	rel:definition	1
price determination method	The way in which the price of something is determined or is to be determined.	rel:definition	1
unique swap identifier	a unique swap identifier (USI) is an identifier for a swap transaction, that is the CFTC term or Unique Trade Identifier (UTI) which is the term used more globally is an identifier on the transaction level that stays unique throughout the life of a trade	rel:definition	1
municipal bond capital type	the allocation of municipal bond proceeds	rel:definition	1
privately held company	A firm whose issued shares are all held by a family or a small group of investors and, therefore, cannot be bought by the public.	rel:definition	1
otc instrument	a financial instrument and bilateral contract that is not listed or traded on an organized exchange	rel:definition	1
lookback formula expression	An expression of a lookback formula	rel:definition	1
price spread specification	The specification of a price in terms of the difference between that price and some other paramater at that same point in time.	rel:definition	1
equities mixed basket	A basket which has a mix of constituents which are shares and equity indices.	rel:definition	1
consumer protection agency	Some agency tasked with regulating consumer protection in some jurisdiction.	rel:definition	1
commodities option	An option to buy or sell the future on some underlying commodity. The exercise is always to buy the underlying asset i.e. the future instrument NOT the underlying goods.	rel:definition	1
agreement	a negotiated and usually legally enforceable understanding between two or more legally competent parties	rel:definition	1
share buyback offer notification	"SWIFT extra text, presumably synonyms: \""Issuer bid; Reduction of circulation shares; Reverse Rights.\"" Scope: Shares only? The definition implies Shares but can this apply to Debt security. Issuer of debt securities could repurchase. In the case of Debt repurchase you would purchase the debt and then cancel the debt. Also RePo market - would this Notification be used and this action apply? No. SWIFT definition full text: \""Issuer bid; Reduction of circulation shares; Reverse Rights. Offer by Issuing company to existing shareholders to repurchase the company's own shares or other securities convertible into shares.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
share buyback offer notification	""Notification of an offer by the issuing company to existing shareholders to repurchase the company's own shares or other securities convertible into shares."	rel:definition	1
banking service	a financial service offered by a bank or similar depository institution, such as a cash management service, foreign exchange service, lending or credit service, investment service, insurance service, merchant service, payroll service, etc.	rel:definition	1
usd libor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for USD-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
securities pool	a pool of securities organized for the purpose of issuing notes against those securities	rel:definition	1
grd athibor telerate	the FpML floating interest index for GRD-ATHIBOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
basket of equities	a basket of securities that makes up an equities reference index	rel:definition	1
euro interbank offered rate	a daily interbank offered rate based on the averaged interest rates at which Eurozone banks offer to lend unsecured funds to other banks in the euro wholesale money market (or interbank market)	rel:definition	1
cash structured finance instrument price	When the price is above a certain level (70), you get a quote in reference to an index e.g. LIBOR+50bp i.e. the yield. When you get below a certain price you get a quote such as 65c to a dollar. Percentage? not seen. Would be a whole number, interpreted as c/$	rel:definition	1
government mortgage agency	An agency set up by a government for the purpose of issuing mortgages.	rel:definition	1
jpy tona ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TONA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
employed population	a subset of the civilian labor force considered to be employed during the reporting period	rel:definition	1
gross of fee performance determination method	Performance determined gross of fee. Review: Is this mutually exclusive with the other listed method? It sounds like it is not.	rel:definition	1
payment or interest payment action	The payment of some mandatory payment as defined in the contractual terms of the security, such as interst payment of amortization. this is income generated to the HOlder because of the security contract.	rel:definition	1
non agency mbs issuer	A party which is a non agency issuer of MBS securities. The identity of this party may be a bank or a specialist (non agency) mortgage company. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
extraordinary general meeting	Extraordinary General Meeting	rel:definition	1
exchange traded warrant	A warrant which is traded on a securities exchange.	rel:definition	1
temporal entity description	A direct description of some temporal entity, for example a date or date time. These are defined as simple types of thing (such as date), without recourse to some specification external to or additional to the provision of simple types.	rel:definition	1
building	A discrete construction on its own foundations or pilings.	rel:definition	1
entitlement	a financial instrument that provides the holder the privilege to subscribe to or to receive specific assets on terms specified	rel:definition	1
agency agreement	an agreement that designates a party as a registered agent to represent and act on behalf of another party in some, typically legal, financial, or medical capacity	rel:definition	1
jpy bbsf bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-BBSF-Bloomberg-10:00	rel:definition	1
amortization schedule	a schedule which specifies changes in the scheduled balance of loan principal over time	rel:definition	1
relationship manager	a responsible party who manages the client's account (or portfolio of accounts) and oversees their relationship with the service provider	rel:definition	1
fund investment restrictions set	Limitations that apply to the fund as a whole, such as risk factors. these are used to determine whether the fund is appropriate for a given type of investor to invest in.	rel:definition	1
religious corporation	a not for profit organization whose objective is specific to some fundamental set of beliefs and practices generally agreed upon by a number of people, and that is incorporated under the law	rel:definition	1
inr fbil mibor ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for INR-FBIL-MIBOR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
transferable contract	a contract in which the rights and obligations of one party (the holder) may be transferred to another party, which thereby takes on the same rights and obligations with respect to the other party to the contract	rel:definition	1
voting no action	Option for the account owner not to take part in the event. SWIFT: NOAC	rel:definition	1
abscdo instrument	CDO where the underlying asset pool is ABS.	rel:definition	1
notification event	A notification to the shareholders that therre is a corporate action out there. This is distinct from the CA itself. not the same as Event Announcement. There are steps between when the announcement happens and the rest Announcement: at the level of sub custodians. then you gether the people who are affected by the event that's to come. Then you send the announcement - a notification to the holder, informing them of the options that are available to them. If it's mandatory these distinctions still happen, but there is no choice. So still announcement is made, then when it effects people you send out notificaiton and collect responses. \"EVENT\": two aspects: The event itself Events within the Corporat eAction, e.g. notification, deadline when a responses is due by, payment dates, Define as: lifecycle of the Corporate Action. Sometimes have to re-notify, there may be changes in the life oc the \"Corporate Event\". So the Corporate Event is a sequence of events.	rel:definition	1
ability	The possession of the means to do a thing	rel:definition	1
code element	a sequence of characters, capable of identifying that with which it is associated for some purpose, within a specified context, i.e., a code set, according to a pre-established set of rules	rel:definition	1
derivatives delivery squaring off	Squaring off means taking a position opposite your initial one. For example, you square off the purchase of a gold futures contract by selling the identical contract.	rel:definition	1
contract originator	the party that originates the contract and acts as the principal in that contract regardless of the owner or counterparty	rel:definition	1
auto loan pool constituent	An auto loan defined as a constituent of an Auto Loan Pool.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor annual bond swap icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR EURIBOR-Annual Bond Swap vs 1m-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
conversion response	Response of the holder is to convert. SWIFT: Convert (CONV)	rel:definition	1
income accumulation	Accrued income is not distributed and instead remains reflected within the unit/share price.	rel:definition	1
consumer expenditure survey	a program conducted on a regular basis that provides information on the buying habits of consumers, including data on their expenditures, income, and consumer unit (families and single consumers) characteristics	rel:definition	1
aud aonia ois compound swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-AONIA-OIS-COMPOUND-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
lifecycle	an arrangement that compares the cyclical nature of families, organizations, processes, products, marketing, and order management, portfolio management or other systems with the cradle to grave life stages (birth, growth, maturity, decay, and death) of living organisms	rel:definition	1
fund administrator	Entity that has to fulfil the legal and supervisory requirements of the fund. Responsible for all the business purposes around the investment pool, and so is reponsible for the issuing of the shares.	rel:definition	1
ad hoc schedule entry	an entry, including a date, among multiple ad hoc schedule entries that jointly make up an AdHocSchedule	rel:definition	1
explicit date period	a date period for which the start date, end date, and duration are all explicit	rel:definition	1
explicit duration	a duration for which the 'hasDurationValue' property must be set	rel:definition	1
sicav	Societe Collective a Capital Variable	rel:definition	1
nzd bbr telerate	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-BBR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
manufactured home legal classification	a category indicating whether the covered loan is secured by a manufactured home only or with land as well	rel:definition	1
short term credit rating	A short term rating is a probability factor of an individual going into default within a year. This is in contrast to long-term rating which is evaluated over a long timeframe.	rel:definition	1
calculation period	a date period defined as the number of days from the start of the calculation period to the scheduled end date of the period	rel:definition	1
control	the possession by a party, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a thing, whether through the ownership of voting shares, by contract, or otherwise	rel:definition	1
control	The ability to direct the activities of a thing	rel:definition	1
equity index option underlying	The inderlying of the equity index option, which is a reference index consisting of shares.	rel:definition	1
prospectus terms set	A set of terms in a Prospectus which on issue will become the binding Contractual Terms of the Security. For example, Call Terms, Interest Payment Terms.	rel:definition	1
lifecycle event	a kind of event that occurs during one or more stages of a lifecycle	rel:definition	1
convertible bond	A Bond instrument which on maturity converts into an Equity instrument.	rel:definition	1
sgd sibor telerate	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SIBOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
equity forward transaction	A transaction in which one party commits at the present to delivery of an equity security or securities or cash equivalent in the future.	rel:definition	1
territory	A physical extent of land and water generally corresponding to the area claimed or governmed by some geopolitical entity. .	rel:definition	1
share underwriter	The party which agrees to buy any certificates that are not bought by investors Term origin:SR Modeling	rel:definition	1
explicit coupon schedule listing	Schedule of itemised coupon payment dates.	rel:definition	1
principal payment formula expression	The expression of the formula by which the payment of principal is formally described.	rel:definition	1
establishment population	a subset of the enterprise population focused on establishments	rel:definition	1
indexing scheme	system for indexing values, data, information, or knowledge	rel:definition	1
residential mbs	Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities, which are trust certificates (bonds) backed by a pool of residential mortgage loans.	rel:definition	1
equity fund	A fund which invests in at least 85% shares.	rel:definition	1
warrant holder	A holder of some warrant which when exercised would confer upon that party some de jure controlling interest in some entity.	rel:definition	1
cad isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-ISDA-Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
standardized equity option terms set	Standard terms for an equity option contract, determined in advance by the exchange. These will become terms of an individual equity option contract. These may be varied or overridden for individual contracts.	rel:definition	1
actively trading	Security is actively traded on the exchange or trading facility	rel:definition	1
credit protection commitment	The commitment in a Credit Defualt Swap, to protect against specified credit events.	rel:definition	1
holder disclosure message	An action by a holder to voluntarily disclose some information.	rel:definition	1
fx spot volatility	a measure of exchange rate fluctuation	rel:definition	1
percentage cav	Percentage specified as percent of CAV (Cumulative Average Value)	rel:definition	1
chf ois icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-OIS-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
duration description in calendar temporal unit	Duration Description for Durations that are denominated in Days, Months and Years only (these may be calendar days or business days).	rel:definition	1
eur eonia swap index	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-Swap-Index	rel:definition	1
interest rate option strike terms set	Terms for the exercise of the Interest Rate Option.	rel:definition	1
tranche rating at issue	The rating at issue of a tranche of a security. Note this is under review	rel:definition	1
futures trading account provider	The party which is the principal of the Futures contract. This is the party that sets the terms of the contract.	rel:definition	1
equity forward buyer	The party that buys this forwward contract, that is the party which pays for this instrument and receives the rights defined by it.	rel:definition	1
draft document part	A section or component of a document that is in draft; this is later to to be a part of a formal document. Ahead of formal release of that document this part may be originated, reviewed or managed as a separate information deliverable.	rel:definition	1
options exchange adjustment method	The trade will be adjusted according to ... exchange on which the options (??) are listed	rel:definition	1
illegal organization	A kind of organization which has been set up specifically to perform illegal acts or has become such	rel:definition	1
netting terms	"These terms are set out as text in the Sample Master Agreement and may be difficult (and unproductive) to model). Here they are: Example Text: \""Netting. If on any date amounts would otherwise be payable:- (i) in the same currency; and (ii) in respect of the same Transaction, by each party to the other, then, on such date, each partys obligation to make payment of any such amount will be automatically satisfied and discharged and, if the aggregate amount that would otherwise have been payable by one party exceeds the aggregate amount that would otherwise have been payable by the other party, replaced by an obligation upon the party by whom the larger aggregate amount would have been payable to pay to the other party the excess of the larger aggregate amount over the smaller aggregate amount. The parties may elect in respect of two or more Transactions that a net amount will be determined in respect of all amounts payable on the same date in the same currency in respect of such Transactions, regardless of whether such amounts are payable in respect of the same Transaction. The election may be made in the Schedule or a Confirmation by specifying that subparagraph (ii) above will not apply to the Transactions identified as being subject to the election, together with the starting date (in which case subparagraph (ii) above will not, or will cease to, apply to such Transactions from such date). This election may be made separately for different groups of Transactions and will apply separately to each pairing of Offices through which the parties make and receive payments or deliveries. \""	rel:editorialNote	1
netting terms	""Terms setting out how Netting may or may not take place and the Obligations on each party in respect of that Netting."	rel:definition	1
portfolio holding	the contents of holding of one or more portfolios of investments held by an individual investor or entity	rel:definition	1
national bank	a commercial bank whose charter is approved by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) rather than by a state banking department	rel:definition	1
attachment notification message	"Units usually comprise warrants and bond or warrants and equity. Securities may be combined at the request of the security holder or based on market convention. Examples of automatic ones: If you have a unit with warrants and the warrants expore, they would be detached immediately. Is there a Notification? They would have to break up the unit as the unit no longer exists. Have to deliver off the unit and put the bond back into the client's account or into you position as an operation. depositories would change the CUSIP from the Unit CUSIP to the Bond CUSIP. Who initiates? The issuer has to do this based on the terms. Attavhment and Detachment also applicable to TRahcnes in CDOs. At some point a tranch might attach at 6 and detach at 10% for example. This might be a corporate action as it is declared when the issue is created - the attachment and deta chment points are specified inthe prospectus for the deal and would not be seen as a corporate action. SWIFT full text: \""The combination of different security types to create a unit. Units are usually comprised of warrants and bond or warrants and equity. Securities may be combined at the request of the security holder or based on market convention.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
attachment notification message	""Notification of the combination of different security types to create a unit."	rel:definition	1
gbp libor isda	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-LIBOR-ISDA	rel:definition	1
written information	Some information which is written in some format (physical or electronic) and is or may be communicated in some way.	rel:definition	1
standardized commodity future terms set	Standard terms for a commodity futures contract, determined in advance by the exchange. These will become terms of an individual futures contract.	rel:definition	1
registered address site	An official Registered Address of a company, as registered with the appropriate Companies Registry for the jurisdiction in which the company is registered, and at which legal proceedings may be served upon the entity.	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement right to termination following default event	The Right to Terminate the Master Agreement Following an Event of Default.	rel:definition	1
principal	the value of an obligation, such as a bond or loan, raised and that must be repaid at maturity	rel:definition	1
futures greek	One of a set of measures about an option which is used to analyze the value or performance of that instrument.	rel:definition	1
treasury bill interest rate value	The value of a government short term debt security, or treasury bill, at a given point in time.	rel:definition	1
loan participation note facility	A facility formed as part of a LPN which can be drawn down by the borrower.	rel:definition	1
credit report request	the act of requesting a credit report from a credit report provider	rel:definition	1
credit inquiry type	a category indicating whether a credit inquiry is a result of a borrower's direct authorization or by some indirect means	rel:definition	1
swap terms	the legal contractual terms of a swap transaction	rel:definition	1
merchant service	a financial service provided by a financial institution to a merchant or other business, including but not limited to managing financial transactions via a secure channel	rel:definition	1
try annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for TRY-Annual Swap Rate-11:15-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
options clearing entity	An entity which is responsible for clearing transactions for put and call options on common stocks and other equity issues, stock indexes, foreign currencies, interest rate composites and single-stock futures.	rel:definition	1
protection buyer	The party which buys protection against a default on the Reference Obligation, from the Protection Seller.	rel:definition	1
basket constituent	a component of a basket	rel:definition	1
ufficiale	Meaning not known - Official price	rel:definition	1
fund unit distribution policy	Income policy relating to the unit, e.g. if income is paid out or retained in the fund and how this is treated, including distribution policy details for dividends and coupons.	rel:definition	1
low price	The lowest valuation over the period specified. Possibly but not necessarily based on a trade. Determined by the trading venue as to whether it's based on a trade or an offer. this can be regarded as a derived price. Price is based on a riule whil will cause one to pick a certain price type.	rel:definition	1
callable convertible bond	A Convertible Bond which is also callable.	rel:definition	1
conditions precedent	Conditions precedent on some obligation. These are conditions which would alter the Obligation as it is otherwise stated.	rel:definition	1
mortgage instrument weighted average remaining maturity	The weighted average of the time until all maturities on mortgages in a mortgage-backed security (MBS). The higher the weighted average to maturity, the longer the mortgages in the security have until maturity.	rel:definition	1
official closing price	The price at close of trading on a given trading day on an exchange.	rel:definition	1
state guarantor	A State, acting as Party to some participatory context such as issuance, guaranty provision.	rel:definition	1
average life	An estimate of the number of terms to maturity, taking the possibility of early payments into account. Average life is calculated using the weighted average time to the receipt of all future cash flows.	rel:definition	1
not for profit objective	an objective that reflects the charitable, educational, religious, humanitarian, public services, or other not for profit goals of an organization	rel:definition	1
calculation formula	a mathematical formula that transforms one or more inputs into an amount or number of something	rel:definition	1
default interest obligation	Obligation in respect of defaults in the performance of any payment obligation.	rel:definition	1
cds periodic payment schedule	The schedule of fixed amounts to be paid on specified payment dates.	rel:definition	1
international money market new zealand dollar trading date rule	a trading date rule defined as the last trading day of an Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) New Zealand (NZ) 90-Day Bank Accepted Futures and Options product, the first Wednesday after the ninth day of the relevant settlement month	rel:definition	1
economic transaction	Some exchange of some items of economic value between two parties (economic agents).	rel:definition	1
bonus issue notification	"These may be from current profits or may be from accumulated reserves of the company. SWIFT definition text: \""Attribution Gratuite (FR); Scrip Issue (GB); Capitalisation Issue. Security holders are awarded additional assets free of payment from the issuer in priportion to their holding.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
bonus issue notification	""Notification of event in which security holders are awarded additional assets free of payment from the issuer in proportion to their holding."	rel:definition	1
cnh hibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CNH-HIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle event	a kind of event that occurs during one or more stages of the lifecycle of a trade	rel:definition	1
purchase right	Anti-takeover device that gives a prospective acquirees shareholders the right to buy usually shares of the firm or shares of anyone who acquires the firm at a deep discount to their fair market value.	rel:definition	1
seniority	The seniority of a tranche of equity or debt. The precise implications of the different levels of seniority are defined for the instrument class in question.	rel:definition	1
fund structure	One of the different ways in which a Fund may be structured.	rel:definition	1
standardized exercise terms set	Standard exercise terms for an option contract, determined in advance by the exchange. These will become exercise terms of an individual option contract. These may be varied or overridden for individual contracts.	rel:definition	1
current employment statistics	a survey conducted on a regular basis that presents analytical information related to businesses and government agencies, in order to provide detailed industry data on employment, hours, and earnings of workers	rel:definition	1
security action	Some action taken with respect to some Security, by the Issuer of that security. THIS IS REDUNDANT	rel:definition	1
stake in fund	The holding of some portion in a fund, by some party. This stake will generally tak ethe form of some sort of unit in that fund.	rel:definition	1
institutional unit	a party that is capable, in its own right, of owning assets, incurring liabilities, and engaging in economic activities and in transactions with other parties	rel:definition	1
classifier	a standardized classification or delineation for something, per some scheme for such delineation, within a specified context	rel:definition	1
particular quantity	a property that is of an individual thing and is quantifiable as an instance of some quantity kind	rel:definition	1
nzd bbr isdc	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-BBR-ISDC	rel:definition	1
topographical location	Some physical two dimensional extent on the surface of some planet or natural satellite. Scope Note: The definition given in the FIBO Foundations specification for Physical Location defines some n- e.g. three dimensional space. This concept extends this to define a two dimensional extent on the Earth or other planets, moons etc. Scope Note: Potential specializations of this concept would include areographical locations (on Mars) and other planetographahical features. These are not in scope for FIBO but this abstraction has been included so that models which do explore that scope may be compatible with this model. Explanatory Note: Please refer to the discipline of topynymy for further details and possible extensions.	rel:definition	1
regulation identification scheme	a scheme for organizing information and allocating identifiers to regulations	rel:definition	1
capacity	The right to do a thing along with the actual e.g. physical ability to do that thing.	rel:definition	1
futures commission merchant	an individual or organization that which does both of the following: (1) solicits or accepts orders to buy or sell futures contracts, options on futures, retail off-exchange forex contracts, or swaps and (2) accepts money or other assets from customers to support such orders	rel:definition	1
formula argument	The Right Hand Side of the Formula.	rel:definition	1
fixed float cross currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap in which fixed interest payments on the notional are exchanged for floating interest payments and the two streams of interest payments are in different currencies	rel:definition	1
legal entity identifier registry entry	an entry in a legal entity identifier registry that conforms to ISO 17442 and the Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF) Common Data Format (CDF)	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
otc derivatives master agreement obligation	Obligation set out in some OTC Derivatives Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
undertaking event	Something which occurs at a point in time, at which a party makes some commitment to some other party.	rel:definition	1
general obligation municipal bond	A general obligation bond (GO) is issued by governmental entities and not backed by revenue from a specific project, such as a toll road. A general obligation bond is secured by an issuing government's pledge to use all available resources - even tax revenues - to repay holders of the bond.	rel:definition	1
contractually defined benefit	Some benefit from one party to the other party, defined in contractual terms.	rel:definition	1
trust fund trust	A trust which forms the basis for a fund.	rel:definition	1
usd ffcb disco	the FpML floating interest index for USD-FFCB-DISCO	rel:definition	1
pass through offering memorandum	The offering memorandum for a pass through MBS issue, setting out basic information about a future issue, for the information of prospective investors and their agents. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
commodity	a basic good used in commerce that is interchangeable with other commodities of the same type	rel:definition	1
entity legal form	a classifier for a legal entity that indicates the nature of that entity as defined from a legal or regulatory perspective, in the jurisdiction in which it was established	rel:definition	1
float float single currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap that exchanges cashflows based on two different floating interest rates in the same currency	rel:definition	1
national numbering agency	a registration authority responsible for issuing and managing National Securities Identifying Numbers for securities in accordance with the ISO 6166 standard in some jurisdiction (typically that of a country)	rel:definition	1
investment capital	Capital employed for some investment purpose Editorial Note: In one sense, all capital is by definition employed for some investment purpose and this is the meaning of capital. However, this model expresses the concept of capital at two levels of relative use: 1. Capital as an economic resource (something which can be seen to be of come value because it may be put to some purpose (\"Capital\") 2. Capital when described from the perspective of being used for the purposes for which capital is intended, i.e. investment (whether by a speculative investor, or from the perspective of an entrepreneur as in capitlizing an endeavor). This is given the label \"Investment Capital\" In day to day usage the word \"Capital\" ranges across both meanings.	rel:definition	1
quantified resource	An amount of something which is defined in terms of its use for some purpose.	rel:definition	1
asset underlier	an underlier consisting of one or more of a basket of securities, individual securities, or security indices	rel:definition	1
goods or services population	a statistical universe consisting of specific goods and/or services designed for the purposes of supporting surveys such as those used as the basis for price indices	rel:definition	1
sgd sonar ois vwap compound	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SONAR-OIS-VWAP-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
assimilation pari passu	Assimilation. Occurs when securities with different characteristics, eg, shares with different entitlements to dividend or voting rights, become identical in all respects, ie, pari-passu. SWIFT = PARI	rel:definition	1
social construct	Something which has its existence as a result of social interactions between and among people.	rel:definition	1
preferred coupon payment term set	Terms for payment of a Dividend on a Preferred Stock.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
subordinated mbs tranche	Specific kinds of tranche are modeled for example and investigation only and have been removed from the diagrams. These will be removed from the final model.	rel:definition	1
loan guarantor	Guarantor, that is the party which provides some guaranty for the loan.	rel:definition	1
inr reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for INR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
dtcc member	A firm which is a member of DTCC. Note: this Actor may perform any of the Roles described elsewhere in this Issuance model, i.e. the DTCC Member may also be any of the Actors defined. REVIEW: does this apply to ALL the defined Actor types?	rel:definition	1
debt yield to next call	The yield of a bond to the next possible call date.	rel:definition	1
credit default swap contract	In a credit default swap one party (the protection seller) agrees to compensate another party (the protection buyer) if a specified company or Sovereign (the reference entity) experiences a credit event, indicating it is or may be unable to service its debts. The protection seller is typically paid a fee and/or premium, expressed as an annualized percent of the notional in basis points, regularly over the life of the transaction or otherwise as agreed by the parties.	rel:definition	1
repudiation or moratorium	The reference entity, or a governmental authority, either refuses to recognise or challenges the validity of one or more obligations of the reference entity, or imposes a moratorium thereby postponing payments on one or more of the obligations of the reference entity.	rel:definition	1
dealer	any party that purchases goods or services for resale and acts on their own behalf in a transaction	rel:definition	1
guaranteed loan	Loan secured by guaranty.	rel:definition	1
derived price	Any price which is derived from some other source or calculation rather than being the price at which something actually traded or was quoted.	rel:definition	1
usd prime reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Prime-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
special assessment bond	An obligation payable from revenues of a special assessment. A special assessment is a charge imposed against a property in a particular locality because that property receives a special benefit by virtue of some public improvement, separate and apart from the general benefit accruing to the public at large. Special assessments may be apportioned according to the value of the benefit received, rather than merely the cost of the improvement.	rel:definition	1
usd cms telerate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CMS-Telerate	rel:definition	1
advanced refunding	A bond issuance in which new bonds are sold at a lower rate than outstanding ones. The proceeds are then invested, and when the older bonds become callable they are paid off with the invested proceeds.	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor hkab bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-HIBOR-HKAB-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
rights allocation ability	The ability to reallocate rights Similarly Authority is the authority to impose some duties on others. Someone has the right to carry out the authority that imposes duties on another person, or to command them to do it.	rel:definition	1
futures trading account holder	A party who has an account for futures trading at a derivatives exchange. Further notes: The trader opens an account with a given amount known as a margin.	rel:definition	1
swap	a derivative instrument that facilitiates the exchange financial instruments among the parties; the instruments can be almost anything, but most swaps involve cash flows (streams of payments or other commitments over time) based on a notional principal amount that both parties agree to	rel:definition	1
usd municipal swap libor ratio icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Municipal Swap Libor Ratio-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
usd cp	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CP-H.15	rel:definition	1
debt instrument yield	The return on the debt instrument at the stated price.	rel:definition	1
non cumulative preference share	Non Cumulative Preference Shares are preference shares where the payment of the fixed dividend, if not made in a given trading year, is not carried forward to the next trading year.	rel:definition	1
contractually conferred commitment	Some commitment which has its existence through some provision in some contract. Further notes: \"Contractual commitment\" has 2 tests: 1. It is certain in time [certainty is defined in some legal sense; there has to be some ability to terminate the contract] 2. there is some consideration Without these 2 tests passing, this is not recognized in law as a contractual commitment. so for instance a Will is not legally binding upon a person who is alive. (from Aus / commonwealth law) NB: Terminating: Not the termination of a contract in a Termination Clause but the termination of the life of the Obligation as set out in the contract.	rel:definition	1
parametric schedule	a regular, parameterized schedule typically used for the calculation of payments for coupons, dividends, and interest	rel:definition	1
standardized futures terms	A set of standard terms for futures contracts, as set out by the derivatives exchange. Futures contracts issued by and traded on that exchange will take on these terms or override them.	rel:definition	1
establishment	an enterprise (or part of an enterprise) that operates from a single physical location	rel:definition	1
cdo origination objective	The origin or motivation behind a CDO issue.	rel:definition	1
constitution	A constitution defines the basic principles and laws of a nation, state, or social group that determine the powers and duties of the government and guarantee certain rights to the people in it.	rel:definition	1
issue payment schedule	Schedule for partial payments of an issue.	rel:definition	1
legal proceeding status	The status of some legal proceeding at some point in time.	rel:definition	1
investment goal	A goal for which is to be achieved by investments within an investment institution.	rel:definition	1
cooperative society	a commercial enterprise owned and managed by and for the benefit of customers or workers	rel:definition	1
synechdocal thing	Something which represents one kind of thing when things are asserted about it that really relate to another kind of thing	rel:definition	1
non european economic area branch	a branch of a credit institution whose Head Office is in a third country	rel:definition	1
fdic registry entry	an entry in the FDIC institution directory, a repository of financial institution characteristics collected by the FDIC related to the institutions they insure	rel:definition	1
fee payment leg	The fee leg in a CDS contract	rel:definition	1
term deposit settlement terms	contractual terms for the settlement of a term deposit	rel:definition	1
partnership incorporated through agreement	a partnership which has legal personhood, but for which there is not some issuance of limited partner equity	rel:definition	1
loan application	A loan which is being applied for and has not yet been disbursed.	rel:definition	1
loan application	a request by a potential borrower to a potential lender to borrow money containing information used to decide whether to grant the loan	rel:definition	1
revolving credit contract	Contract which embodies and defines the terms and conditions for a credit line based on some collaterial, which can be drawn down and/or paid back by the borrower.	rel:definition	1
master agreement obligation	Obligation set out in some Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
quantified raw material	Some measured or quantified amount of some raw material. Scope Note: This is a kind of economic resource i.e. it may be bought or sold or exchanged, or put to work in some process.	rel:definition	1
clean price	A bond or debt instrument price that does not include accrued interest.	rel:definition	1
usd ois ny icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-OIS-11:00-NY-ICAP	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
functional entity	any independent party (i.e., person, business entity, governmental entity, or other organization) defined in terms of its function	rel:definition	1
eur euribor basis swap icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR EURIBOR-Basis Swap-3m vs 6m-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
revenue bond	A revenue bond is a municipal bond supported by the revenue from a specific project, such as a toll bridge, highway or local stadium. Revenue bonds are municipal bonds that finance income-producing projects and are secured by a specified revenue source. Typically, revenue bonds can be issued by any government agency or fund that is managed in the manner of a business, such as entities having both operating revenues and expenses.	rel:definition	1
exercise action	Some action in which spome party decides to exercise some option or some optionality concept.	rel:definition	1
fixed interest expression	Expression of the value of a fixed interest amount.	rel:definition	1
usd isdafix swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-ISDAFIX3-Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
reference index	a market rate that measures change in the values of some basket of securities or other indices, such as economic indices over time	rel:definition	1
cad ba cdor bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-BA-CDOR-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
traded security published price	The price of a tradable security.	rel:definition	1
pool paydown rate	The rate at which the pool is paying down. This is based on observed factor. CPR, SMM, etc. etc. Measured differently for different kinds of security. CBO might have a prepayment rate for example if the underlying bond is callable. with a non agency mortgge dela, defualts will effect this. so for instance there is principal is no lnger inthe pool because the mortgagee defaults. With agency these are not taken out in the case of default but for non agency these mortgages are removed from the pool if and when a mortgagee defualts.	rel:definition	1
central securities depository	a functional entity that provides a central point for depositing financial instruments ('securities'), for example bonds and shares	rel:definition	1
partial call	a call of part of the issue	rel:definition	1
basket of indices	a basket made up of market indices	rel:definition	1
conferred social construct	Some social construct that is conferred on some autonomous entity	rel:definition	1
post merger securities exchange notification	"Cash payments may accompany share exchange. Note that the event to which this applies was labeled \""Merger\"" in source material but refers to the exchange of securities following a merger, not the merger itself. SWIFT full definition \""Mandatory or voluntary exchange of an outstanding securities as the result of two or more companies combining assets. Cash payments may accompany share exchange.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
post merger securities exchange notification	""Notification of mandatory or voluntary exchange of outstanding securities as the result of two or more companies combining assets."	rel:definition	1
common share in fund	A share unit in a fund, which is classified as a Common Share class.	rel:definition	1
listed security	a registered security listed on a specific exchange	rel:definition	1
company secretary	Officer appointed by the directors of a firm as responsible for ensuring that firm's legal obligations under the corporate legislation are complied with. His or her formal duties include (1) calling meetings, (2) recording minutes of the meetings, (3) keeping statutory record books, (4) proper payment of dividend and interest payments, and (5) proper drafting and execution of agreements, contracts, and resolutions. A company secretary is not automatically an employee of the firm and, if employed with executive responsibilities, not be its director shareholder. If a firm has only two directors, one may act as its secretary; but a sole director may not. A firm (such as of accountants) may not act as a company secretary for any firm. Called corporate secretary in the US.	rel:definition	1
dividend option	Distribution of a dividend to shareholder with the choice of payment method. Shareholder must choose the form of payment - stock, cash, or both.	rel:definition	1
commitment to fund	a commitment that obliges the lender to provide funds pursuant to a loan contract	rel:definition	1
muni issue underwriter	The party which agrees to buy any certificates that are not bought by investors Term origin:DTCC	rel:definition	1
alienable right	A right which can be taken away from the entity that holds it	rel:definition	1
cny semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
credit repository	a credit reporting agency that is a clearinghouse for information on the credit rating of individuals or firms	rel:definition	1
price analytic	Information that is about prices, rather than actually being a price.	rel:definition	1
contract document	a written document, whether physical or electronic, which sets out the formal terms and conditions of some written contract	rel:definition	1
foreign exchange option leg	A standard FX OTC option (European or American) which may be a complete trade in its own right or part of a trade strategy. FpML A type that is used for describing a standard FX OTC option (European or American) which may be a complete trade in its own right or part of a trade strategy.	rel:definition	1
ordinance	An authoritative rule or law; a decree or command; a public injunction or regulation, such as a city ordinance against excessive horn blowing. (Source: Dictionary.com)	rel:definition	1
municipal bond issuance process information	Information specific to the Issuance of a Municipal Bond.	rel:definition	1
amount of money	a sum of money	rel:definition	1
call option contract	Contracts between a buyer and a seller giving the buyer (holder) the right, but not the obligation, to buy the assets specified at a fixed price or formula, on or before a specified date. The seller of the call option assumes the obligation of delivering the assets specified should the buyer exercise his option.	rel:definition	1
canadian households consumers universe	a statistical universe consisting of all private households in Canada, with the exception of soldiers on military bases, people living on First Nations reserves, institutionalized persons, and households living in the rural areas of the three northern territories	rel:definition	1
date	a calendar day on some calendar	rel:definition	1
lei registered entity	a legal person that has registered for and is identified by a legal entity identifier	rel:definition	1
fund portfolio investment policy	Intended allocation of the portfolio to meet the stated investment strategy and goals.	rel:definition	1
identifier	sequence of characters, capable of uniquely identifying that with which it is associated, within a specified context	rel:definition	1
capital productivity value added	a ratio of a quantity index of value added to a quantity index of capital input	rel:definition	1
passport	a document, issued by a national government, which certifies the identity and nationality of its holder for the purpose of international travel	rel:definition	1
operating expense	Operating Overheads	rel:definition	1
price specification	The specification of a price, that is some formal and actionable definition of the value in exchange of some item.	rel:definition	1
organization strategy	Strategy which is organization based.	rel:definition	1
jump trigger event	The event which triggers the Jump Z	rel:definition	1
cashflow expression	an expression that specifies a calculation of a cash flow as a component of a cashflow formula	rel:definition	1
exchange opening price	The value at the beginning of trading or opening of the market.	rel:definition	1
swap stream interest payment schedule	parametric schedule of payment dates	rel:definition	1
organization identification scheme	an identification scheme dedicated to the unique identification of organizations	rel:definition	1
contact information	a way to make contact with a person or organization for a particular reason regarding something.  The details may be role-specific, so the information cannot always go on the individual or organization	rel:definition	1
yield calculation method	The method by which the yield is calculated. This includes a formula for calculation and a specific day count convention and compounding. You would apply this calculation method on top of the underlying terms and conditions, do for example the holiday calenders and so on, are used in these formulae. For final cash flow: Japanese yield will round down accrued interest. Add: The actual underlying math. Wall Street uses the same ICMA formula.	rel:definition	1
collateral	Assets pledged in the provision of debt or loan products or securities.	rel:definition	1
contingent right	Some right conferred by some contract or by law.	rel:definition	1
zar quarterly swap rate tradition reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-Quarterly Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
automated underwriting system	a software sytstem that produces loan underwriting decisions	rel:definition	1
public record category	a particular classification of public record, e.g. tax lien, wage garnishment, foreclosure	rel:definition	1
debenture	A type of debt instrument that is not secured by physical asset or collateral. Debentures are backed only by the general creditworthiness and reputation of the issuer. Both corporations and governments frequently issue this type of bond in order to secure capital. Like other types of bonds, debentures are documented in an indenture.	rel:definition	1
income from operations	Gross Profit	rel:definition	1
reverse mortgage	Designed for senior citizens who want to borrow against the equity of house. The house has been paid for. How is it different?: Scenario based. If you have someone who is asset rich but cash poor then a traditional view of the mortgage wqould say yoiu must have th ecash to repay the loan, which would not apply in this case: we actually don't anticipate that you would repay it, maybe not even regular amounts on the loan, but when the loan expires, e.g. when you die, we will recover on the asset in the normal course of events. Not seen as a default but is an expectation that we will recover our funds. See Wikipedia. AKA Lifetime morgtage, seniores (age xxx or older) to release the home equity.	rel:definition	1
cash issuer	The issuer and underwriter of cash. This takes the form of some Central Bank.	rel:definition	1
investor	a party that owns some stake in some organization by way of investment	rel:definition	1
zar deposit safex	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-DEPOSIT-SAFEX	rel:definition	1
funds cash distribution	Accrued income is distributed periodically to the investor.	rel:definition	1
swap party	a party to a swap and therefore a legal party to the contract that embodies that transaction	rel:definition	1
london interbank offered rate	a benchmark interbank offered rate that the most creditworthy international banks charge each other for large, short-term loans	rel:definition	1
competitive sale method	No definition	rel:definition	1
gbp isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-ISDA-Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
gas commodity	Combustible hydrocarbon in gasous phase.	rel:definition	1
loan interest payment commitment	A commitment by the borrower of a loan to pay interest on that loan or on amounts of that loan.	rel:definition	1
loan regulatory requirement	A regulatory requirement defined in regulations by a comsumer credit act or other legislation.	rel:definition	1
call notification provision	a provision of a call feature defining notification requirements	rel:definition	1
partnership	venture in which two or more legal entities carry out some business activities under a common identity	rel:definition	1
forward contract	A cash market transaction in which a seller agrees to deliver a specific cash commodity to a buyer at some point in the future.	rel:definition	1
voluntary corporate action	An event with some choice on the part of the Holder.	rel:definition	1
otc option contract	Exotic options traded on the over-the-counter market, where participants can choose the characteristics of the options traded.	rel:definition	1
statistical program	a publication program that presents a detailed investigation and analysis of a subject or situation involving one or more studies or surveys	rel:definition	1
spread	The difference between two parameters that may vary over time, such as prices or rates.	rel:definition	1
construction loan milestone terms set	An agreed point at which an amount is advanced to the lender on completion of some pre-agreed scope of works on the construction.	rel:definition	1
influence based de facto controlling party	A party which exercises some influence and control over the entity other than by means of investment.	rel:definition	1
index based coupon bond	A security where the coupon payments fluctuate according to an \"Index\" in the sense of non Interest rate e.g. inflation rate, GDP.	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle stage	a phase in a product lifecycle	rel:definition	1
private offering	an offering for the sale of stocks, bonds, or other investments directly to an institutional or other qualified investor	rel:definition	1
difference	The difference between two numerical parameters.	rel:definition	1
nzd semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
cross currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap in which the two streams of interest payments are in different currencies	rel:definition	1
natural person	A person of maturity who in the eyes of the law is able to assume obligations.	rel:definition	1
holder response to choice	Instructions consequent upon notifications. Instruction messages - some of these are responses to notifications. May be MT 565 related - has consent Yes, consent No, no action, accept shares, accept cash and securities etc. There are also ones that can be initiated by holders (not in this process step) such as puts. These can be presented without a notification previously having been sense. These are the ones we deided not to classify as \"Corporate Actions\" as these can be initiated by the holder. As such these are an instruction rather than a notification.	rel:definition	1
race	a category based on a person's physical characteristics, such as bone structure and skin, hair, or eye color	rel:definition	1
cds physical settlement	Physical settlement is where you deliver the reference obligation (e.g.a bond) itself. Deifnition Origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
oil commodity	Oil as a commodity.	rel:definition	1
transaction confirmation	written communication from a seller or service provider reciting the relevant details of a transaction	rel:definition	1
federated sovereignty	a political entity characterized by a union of partially self-governing states or regions under a central (federal) government	rel:definition	1
explicit recurrence interval	a recurrence interval defined via an explicit duration	rel:definition	1
holder event	A CAE event relating to actions on the part of the holder.	rel:definition	1
jpy tsr reuters	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TSR-Reuters-10:00	rel:definition	1
absolute price strike specification	Expression of the strike price as an absolute monetary price at which the option is to be struck.	rel:definition	1
duty	some obligation which exists and is imposed on some individual	rel:definition	1
balance sheet asset balance	A balance sheet entry representing some asset of the entity.	rel:definition	1
how submitted	a category indicating whether the applicant or borrower submitted the application for the covered loan directly to the reporting financial institution	rel:definition	1
option transaction party	The party to an Option transaction.	rel:definition	1
joint controlling party	Some group of entities which collectively are able to direct the affairs of some business organization	rel:definition	1
loan payment schedule	The schedule for payments made by the borrower.	rel:definition	1
thb sor telerate	the FpML floating interest index for THB-SOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
fx forward contract	A agreement to deliver and settle a given amount of currency in one currency, in exchange for a given amount in another currency, at an agreed date in the future and at an agreed rate of exchange.	rel:definition	1
controlling party	Party which exercises some form of control in some context.	rel:definition	1
polity	a legal person that is a supranational entity, crown, state, or subordinate civil authority, such as a province, prefecture, county, municipality, city, or district representing the people of that entity	rel:definition	1
super senior cdo tranche	A tranche at the very top of a CDO Issue.	rel:definition	1
cash asset backed security instrument	An asset-backed security is a type of bond or note that is based on pools of assets, or collateralized by the cash flows from a specified pool of underlying assets. Assets are pooled to make otherwise minor and uneconomical investments worthwhile, while also reducing risk by diversifying the underlying assets.	rel:definition	1
contractual transaction	An economic transaction which has some contractual basis.	rel:definition	1
cds contingent delivery terms	The settlement of a CDS deal in the event that the events specified in the Contingent Leg of the deal take place.	rel:definition	1
myr klibor bnm	the FpML floating interest index for MYR-KLIBOR-BNM	rel:definition	1
responsible party	a party to which some responsibility has been given	rel:definition	1
ownership and control	The intersection of ownership and control reflects the unique case where an independent party both owns and controls another independent thing.	rel:definition	1
geographical area	A named and formally defined area of the world defined in terms of its physical extent. Scope Note: A Geographical Area is both a Geographical Feature (some named physical location on Earth) and a Geophysical Location (having two-dimensional extent on the Earth's surface).	rel:definition	1
delegated legal authority	institutionalized and legal power inherent in a particular job, function, or position that is meant to enable its holder to successfully carry out his or her responsibilities, where such power has been delegated through some formal means	rel:definition	1
court decision subsequent meeting	Meeting following a court decision.	rel:definition	1
money market future underlying	The money market instrument which is the underlying of a Money Market Futures contract.	rel:definition	1
probability of default	The probability of some default on some obligation.	rel:definition	1
options vega	A measure of the rate of change in an option's theoretical value for a one-unit change in the volatility assumption. Action: add terms that define or influence this.	rel:definition	1
regulation	a rule used to carry out a law	rel:definition	1
marine finance	A loan for the purchase of a boat or other vessel.	rel:definition	1
gbp sonia ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-SONIA-OIS-4:15-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
class action proposed settlement event	Proposed settlement to a class action filing. Situation where interested parties seek restitution for financial loss.	rel:definition	1
investment credit rating	The creditworthiness of an investment as determined by a Ratings Agency. Further notes: Anything can be bought and sold can have a rating. Credit rating can be assigned to an instrument, an organization, even a person. The rating is assigned to any kind of instrument that the organization etc. issues. Use Wikipedia credit rating definition Long term, short term and generic ratings The rating differentiates between short and long term (not sure about generic). In all systems these are differentiated. This relates to how long the holder might hold the thing. Or does it? The agencies offer two different servies and you pay 2 different fees for short and long. ACTION: to find The codes themselves are different. So it's not AAA etc. for short term it's something else. so the thing we've been thinking about is actually long term ratings.	rel:definition	1
et option premium	The amount that is paid for an option. That's for the whole contract. Units: The premium is a monetary amount; the rate is a percentage.	rel:definition	1
pvbp	Sensitivity of the price for one basis point change in yield, defined as the difference in price given 1 bp change in yield.	rel:definition	1
cny semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
usd federal funds bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Federal Funds-H.15-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
repofunds rate germany ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for REPOFUNDS RATE-GERMANY-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
statutory regulator	Some regulatory body set up under some law, for the purposes of statutory regulation and reporting.	rel:definition	1
eur tec cno swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TEC5-CNO-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
lookback strike terms	Strike terms in which the value of some observed variable (the underlying) is looked back at during some period, typically a period ending in the maturity of the Option, and the payoff is determined by comparing the agreed strike with the value of this variable.	rel:definition	1
electronic funds transfer service	a service involving any transfer of funds other than a transaction involving a paper instrument, that is initiated through an electronic terminal, telephone, or computer and that orders or authorizes a financial institution to debit or credit an account	rel:definition	1
idr sor telerate	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-SOR-Telerate	rel:definition	1
deliverable underlier	The Underlying of a Derivatives Contract, which may also be delivered on exercise or expiry of that contract.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap eurex lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-6M EURIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
fractional price quotation	Price is quoted as a fraction.	rel:definition	1
enterprise	a functional business entity that produces and/or sells goods or services	rel:definition	1
restricted percentage value	A type defining a percentage specified as decimal from 0 to 1. A percentage of 5% would be represented as 0.05. The maximum value is 100%, i.e., 1.	rel:definition	1
synthetic debt instrument pool funding asset	An asset which provides the funding for a synthetic debt instrument pool, as used in a synthetic CDO.	rel:definition	1
synthetic debt instrument pool funding asset	From April 28 review session: CDS mechanization: Q: Are the CDS taken out on the constituents of the (non owned) pool or on some other instrument? A: There is funding to underpin the pool. The funding may be high grade debt or may be low grade. There is an undedrlying source of funds. then you swap (using CDS) into other risks. so I might lend to a government institution, and then sell protection against a whole series of corporates. So I've taken the high quality portfolio and added other risks to it. Or the other way round. conclusions:	rel:definition	1
student loan contract	The contract for a Student Loan.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor act bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EURIBOR-Act/365-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
security holder	a party that holds a transferable contract (security), and has the rights defined in that contract	rel:definition	1
ordinary general meeting	Ordinary General Meeting SWIFT = OMET	rel:definition	1
bullet bond	A bond where the principal is paid off in a single payment on the scheduled maturity date.	rel:definition	1
bonus issue	Event in which security holders are awarded additional assets free of payment from the issuer in proportion to their holding. These may be from current profits or may be from accumulated reserves of the company.	rel:definition	1
contractual agreement	An agreement which is formalized by a contract between two parties to the agreement.	rel:definition	1
disclosure message	"The message modeled here is the message in which the disclosure is made. Individual types of disclosure are not modeled and may vary across jurisdictions. A fact about the disclosure is the regulation under which it was required to be made. Another fact is the disclosing party, that is the holder or beneficial owner. Note that in the Business Entities ontology, beneficial ownership is modeled separately from control ownership. This type of message may result from formal requirements placed upon either. SWIFT Full text: \""Requirement under some regulations for holders or beneficial owners to disclose\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
disclosure message	""Disclosure of some fact or facts, by the holder of some security, as a result of some formal requirement imposed upon holders or beneficial owners under some applicable regulation."	rel:definition	1
stock balance	Balance of stock in trade.	rel:definition	1
php semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for PHP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
cds contingent transaction settlement	Settlement for the transaction agreed in the CDS, which takes place if the Credit Event takes place. This is the payment as agreed by the Protection Seller, who becomes the buyer of the Deliverable Obligation. Deifnition Origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
financial securities secondary market transaction	A Transaction in which some negotiable security is provided in exchange for some Consideration.	rel:definition	1
aud bbr bbsy bid	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-BBR-BBSY (BID)	rel:definition	1
contingent transaction commitment	A commitment which is agreed in advance but which only comes into force on the occurrence of some pre-agreed event.	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle stage	a phase in the lifecycle of a trade	rel:definition	1
criminal law	The body of law that defines conduct that is not allowed because it is held to threaten, harm or endanger the safety and welfare of people, and that sets out the punishments to be imposed on people who do not obey these laws.	rel:definition	1
ex post notification	Notification of an event that is expected or unexpected and has happened.	rel:definition	1
fixed float single currency interest rate swap	an interest rate swap in which fixed interest payments on the notional are exchanged for floating interest payments and where both payment streams are expressed in terms of the same currency	rel:definition	1
bonus rights issue notification	Notification of a Bonus Rights Issue, that is a Rights Issue in which the rights are given to the holders of the referenced shares for free.	rel:definition	1
law	a system of rules and guidelines which are enforced through social institutions to govern behavior	rel:definition	1
equity valuation calculation agent	The entity which carries out the valuation of an asset underlying an equity forward or option, or from which the valuation of the underlying is to be taken.	rel:definition	1
equity conversion terms	Contractual specifications when an Equity security can be converted to another security (usually of the same issuer).	rel:definition	1
callable bond	A bond with call provisions, or callable bond, is a bond that can be redeemed by the issuer prior to its maturity.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-10:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
financial market information	Information about the financial markets, that is published by some publisher or data vendor.	rel:definition	1
instrument weighted average remaining maturity	The weighted average of the time until all maturities on loans in a mortgage-backed or asset backed security. The higher the weighted average to maturity of the loans, the longer the loans in the security have until maturity.	rel:definition	1
shareholder precedence right	The rights of shareholderes in respect of the assets of the limited company in which they hold those shares, in the event of that company being wound up.	rel:definition	1
bond bullet principal repayment terms set	Terms for payment of Principal as a single amount of payment of the full Principal.	rel:definition	1
derivatives delivery cash	Cash settlement involves paying the difference between the futures price and the spot price of the underlying asset	rel:definition	1
name	Some text or sounds by which an autonomous entity may be known and which is used to refer to it.	rel:definition	1
measure	an amount or degree of something; the dimensions, capacity, or amount of something ascertained by measuring	rel:definition	1
position	an investor's stake, i.e., a holding, in a particular asset (such as an individual security)	rel:definition	1
property asset	A physical property (building) regarded as an asset.	rel:definition	1
unique trade identifier	a globally unique identifier for a trade, unique to the transaction known to and used by all relevant parties, as required by various regulatory agencies around the world	rel:definition	1
securities offering	an offering of a security (or securities) for sale	rel:definition	1
joint stock company	1. In the UK, the original (17th century) name for a corporation in which the liability of the owners is limited to the nominal value of the stock (shares) held by them.\n2. In the US, a corporation with unlimited liability for the shareholders. Investors in a US joint stock company receive stock (shares) which can be transferred, and can elect a board of directors, but are jointly-and-severally liable for companys debts and obligations. A US joint stock company cannot hold title to a real property.	rel:definition	1
cad ba reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-BA-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
projected value	The value is some projected future value.	rel:definition	1
option payout terms	Terms governing the payout on an option. These formally define the commitment(s) entered into by the writing party to the option.	rel:definition	1
decimal price quotation	The price is quoted in decimal	rel:definition	1
client	a party that purchases professional services from, or has a formal relationship to purchase services from another party	rel:definition	1
loan offer	a generic loan product offered to the public, or a specific offer tailored to particular circumstances aimed at one potential borrower	rel:definition	1
sgd sor vwap reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SOR-VWAP-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
ils telbor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for ILS-TELBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
corporate filing obligation	The obligation to file reports on the Incorporated Company as defined by the jurisdiction under which it is constituted.	rel:definition	1
traded option principal	The principal to the Traded Option contract. THis is the party which gives the other party the right to take up the obligation, and which is obliged to honor that transaction if that option is taken up.	rel:definition	1
executive branch	the branch of government that has its authority and responsibility for the daily administration of the state	rel:definition	1
tax law	A law or body of law pertaining to the liability for and payment of tax by persons or legal entities which are subject to the jurisdiction covered by that law.	rel:definition	1
third party corporate action originator message	Message from a third party, notifying holders of a third party action.	rel:definition	1
cds cash settlement quotation method	The specification of the type of quotation rate to be obtained from each cash settlement reference bank. Further notes: For example, Bid, Offer or Mid-market. FpML Definition: The specification of the type of quotation rate to be obtained from each cash settlement reference bank.	rel:definition	1
gbp usd basis swaps icap	the FpML floating interest index for GBP USD-Basis Swaps-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
debenture securitization conditions	Terms, if any, by which a Debenture is secured. This is a description of the properties by which it is secured, being those not otherwise pledged.	rel:definition	1
tranched mbs deal transaction	The deal transaction by which the MBS Issue is issued to primary investors. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
civil law system	a legal system originating in Europe, intellectualized within the framework of late Roman law, and whose most prevalent feature is that its core principles are codified into a referable system which serves as the primary source of law	rel:definition	1
payroll service	a financial service, typically provided to small businesses that are not large enough to have an internal finance organization, that involves managing payment of wages to employees	rel:definition	1
cash or nothing payout commitment	A commitment to pay out on a binary option, as cash or nothing.	rel:definition	1
otc contract settlement terms	settlement terms specific to an over-the-counter agreement	rel:definition	1
potential agency mbs issuer	The entity which will become the issuing party for the pass through MBS Issue. This entity is the principal actor in most of the activities involved in the issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
bonus share plan distribution notification	"These are are considered as a capital distribution rather than a disbursement of income, with different tax implications. Typically found in Australia. SWIFT full text: \""Typically found in Australia, shares are issued from the Share Premium Reserve of the company and are considered as a capital distribution rather than a disbursement of income, with different tax implications.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
bonus share plan distribution notification	""Notification of issue of shares from the Share Premium Reserve of the company."	rel:definition	1
date determination terms set	Terms setting out how to determine dates in the future.	rel:definition	1
net asset value calculation method	Parameters for the calculation of the net asset value for an investment fund/fund class.	rel:definition	1
venue	A place where something happens, described in the context of the event or activity that occurs there	rel:definition	1
instrumentality	some law or contract which is instrumental in the existence of some recognized construct such as a restriction	rel:definition	1
hkd isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-ISDA-Swap Rate-11:00	rel:definition	1
broker dealer	An entity which may become a primary investor in the issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
securities restriction	a legal restriction that is applicable to a financial instrument or security listing as mandated in a law or by contract	rel:definition	1
debt instrument analytical parameter	Parameter describing some aspect of the behaviour of a debt instrument, that may vary over time.	rel:definition	1
credit message type	a particular kind of credit message	rel:definition	1
statutory responsibility	an obligation which is defined under some body of law (statute)	rel:definition	1
capitalization issue notification	Notification of an issue which increases the capital base of the company.	rel:definition	1
security offering sale method	Method for sale of a new security offering.	rel:definition	1
usd cd reference dealers	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CD-Reference Dealers	rel:definition	1
aspect viewing party	The party from the perspective of which the aspect is defined.	rel:definition	1
mbs deal	The issue of a series of Mortgage Backed Security certificates.	rel:definition	1
drawing	Redemption in part before the scheduled final maturity date of a security.	rel:definition	1
fixed rate interest calculation	calculation of the amount of interest due in a given period on a fixed rate IR swap leg	rel:definition	1
time weighted rate of return performance determination method	Time weighted rate of return.	rel:definition	1
lifecycle occurrence	a realization of a lifecycle	rel:definition	1
payment	An activity in which one actor makes a payment to another actor for some reason.	rel:definition	1
allotment information	Information about the allotment of quantities of the issue to different subscribers. This relates a single instrument allotment against the subscription amounts allotted to each Subscriber.	rel:definition	1
controlled amortization structure	a method of providing investors with a relatively predictable repayment schedule, even though the underlying assets are nonamortizing	rel:definition	1
covariance leg terms	A statistical leg based on covariance. REVIEW: This kmight specify the same kind of thing as Correlation Leg using different mathematics / different legal terms (in which case we need to model it as a different thing even though to the investor it has the same rationale and behavior. The relative movement of one thing to the other over a period of time. So this adds a time base to the Correlation calculation. difference with Correelation: The time base in correlation swap is implicit anyway (it's the duration of the contract. so Covariance is what allows you to explan x% of the vaqriabiltiy of the price of this asset with relation to that asset.	rel:definition	1
holder initiated instruction	A message being an instruction by the holder of some security, made not in response to come choice offered by the issuer, but made on the holder's own initiative.	rel:definition	1
registry identifier	an identifier associated with an entry in a registry, i.e., one that provides an index to the registry for the identified item	rel:definition	1
japanese compound yield calculation method	No definition in selection list.	rel:definition	1
regulatory entity	Some entity which has some regulatory function.	rel:definition	1
statistical information publisher	a publisher that publishes statistical information	rel:definition	1
not for profit organization	an organization that uses its surplus revenues to further achieve its purpose or mission, rather than distributing its surplus income to the organization's owners (directors, investors, or equivalents) as profit or dividends	rel:definition	1
european exercise convention	A feature of an option that stipulates that the option may only be exercised a stated Exercise Date. Therefore, there can be no early assignment with this type of option.	rel:definition	1
regulatory service	a service provided by a regulatory agency, which may include, but not be limited to, examination, monitoring, supervision, testing, or other capabilities required to ensure the integrity, fairness, safety, or other capacity of a given industry, organization, or product	rel:definition	1
corporate bond issuer	a corporation acting in the capacity of an issuer	rel:definition	1
swap stream interest calculation	calculation of the interest due	rel:definition	1
call window	an explicit period of time prior to a call date during which an issuer or agent must give notice to holders	rel:definition	1
adjustment method	The method by which something is adjusted, for example the terms of a contract, in reaction to events.	rel:definition	1
value	A Value is an immutable piece of information without a specific lifetime or identity independent of the properties that have such a value as their subject.  Subtypes of Value are intended to include semantic, business relevant types that are not independent, mediating or relative things. Value is not intended to be used directly (a concept known as \"abstract\" in other languages such as UML), but is intended to have subclasses that are used in domain models.\nAll explicit triples which have a value instance as their subject (with the exception of annotations) are defined as part of the identity of the value instance. The set of such properties should be treated as immutable (not changed once the value is defined). All instances of Value with the same set of properties may be treated as equivalent. Note that while the above is not directly expressible in OWL, the above constraints and semantics of values are asserted by this specification.	rel:definition	1
value	Any value, stated as a number.	rel:definition	1
debt security quote price	A price quoted for purchase or sale of a quantity of a debt security in the marketplace. This may be either the OTC market or a securities exchange or a composite market consisting of several exchanges or trading facilities.	rel:definition	1
credit rating scheme	The scheme which defines what rating codes exist and what judgements each one represents, as defined by the Rating agency.	rel:definition	1
forward cash settlement terms set	'This is the second of the two currency flows that define a single leg of a standard foreign exchange transaction.'	rel:definition	1
regulatory capacity	the capacity of some natural person to regulate some industry, organization, or product by virtue of some certification program on behalf of some regulatory agency	rel:definition	1
reporting party	a party providing a report, typically in response to some contractual, legal, regulatory or other business requirement	rel:definition	1
refunding purpose	A procedure whereby an issuer refinances outstanding bonds by issuing new bonds.	rel:definition	1
investment service	a financial service designed to assist investors in using capital to create more money, either through income-producing vehicles or through more risk-oriented ventures to result in capital gains, including but not limited to providing investment advice, asset and portfolio management, brokerage services, and so forth	rel:definition	1
unconditional privilege	The liberty to do something.	rel:definition	1
eur libor bba	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
uri	A uniform resource identifier (URI) is a string of characters used to identify a name or a web resource.	rel:definition	1
senior cdo tranche	The most senior tranche of the CDO issue. Typically rated A to AAA. If there are defaults or the CDO's collateral otherwise underperforms, scheduled payments to senior tranches take precedence over those of mezzanine tranches.	rel:definition	1
published price	The price of some financial instrument on some market, published by some agent, in some suitable format.	rel:definition	1
primary security offering distribution	The original sale of a company's securities, in which the proceeds from the sale are received directly by the company.	rel:definition	1
bond default event	Non payment of interest or non payment of debt principal when due.	rel:definition	1
usd index high grade	the FpML floating interest index for USD-S&P Index-High Grade	rel:definition	1
investment home loan	A loan for a second or subsequent property which is taken out for investment purposes.	rel:definition	1
primary federal regulator	the primary federal regulator for an institution as defined by the National Information Center (NIC) registry	rel:definition	1
bond put redemption	Early redemption of a bond at the election of the bondholder subject to the terms and condition of the issue.	rel:definition	1
partially paid issuance schedule	A Schedule for partial payments of an issue.	rel:definition	1
loan principal repayment terms	Terms governing the repayment of principal of the loan.	rel:definition	1
termination provisions	Formal terms setting out how the written contract may be terminated and what happens when it is.	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-Semi Annual Swap Rate-4:15-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
consumer finance company	a finance company that lends to individuals under the small loans laws of the jurisdiction in which they operate	rel:definition	1
insurance service	a financial service in which the insurer promises to provide compensation for specific potential future losses in exchange for a periodic payment	rel:definition	1
quantity	a property of a phenomenon, body, or substance, to which a number can be assigned with respect to a reference	rel:definition	1
purpose	The context in which some thing is, may be or is planned to be put to some use by someone.	rel:definition	1
time point value	a single value representing a point in time, including multiply occurring points in time such as a day of a month	rel:definition	1
jpy usd basis swaps icap	the FpML floating interest index for JPY USD-Basis Swaps-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
business objective	an objective that reflects the strategic goals and direction of a business	rel:definition	1
contract section	A formally identified Section of a Contract, comtaining terms dealing with a specific type of subject matter.	rel:definition	1
natural person limited partner	A limited partner in a partnership, who is and may only be a Natural Person i.e. a human being.	rel:definition	1
coupon stub end date	The calendar date when the coupon stub period is scheduled to end.	rel:definition	1
annual reporting policy	Reports are presented once a year	rel:definition	1
civil law jurisdiction	a civil law jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
private placement memorandum	a legal document stating the objectives, risks and terms of investment involved with a private placement	rel:definition	1
pln polonia ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for PLN-POLONIA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
aud libor bba	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
business agent	An agent which is capable of causing some business event or providing some service in a business context.	rel:definition	1
current status	The status at the present time.	rel:definition	1
product disclosure requirement	A requirement governing what representations can be made about a product, as it affects the consumer.	rel:definition	1
obligation conditional on some event	Obligation conditional on the occurrence of some event.	rel:definition	1
mezzanine cdo tranche	The tranche between senior and subordinated. Mezzanine tranches of a CDO issue are typically rated B to BBB.	rel:definition	1
loan prepayment status	Information about prepayments of the loan, at a given point in time.	rel:definition	1
zar jibar safex	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-JIBAR-SAFEX	rel:definition	1
loan product disclosure right	Right to fair representation of the facts about Loan products before entrering into agreements for same.	rel:definition	1
merchant	a business entity engaged in a trading activity	rel:definition	1
funds identifier	the trigraph representing the funds	rel:definition	1
redemption event	an event whereby a debt security comes to the end of its life and the debt is paid off (redeemed)	rel:definition	1
synthetic amortizing security	Security constructed to emulate an amortizing security.	rel:definition	1
investment home loan contract	A loan for a second or subsequent property which is taken out for investment purposes.	rel:definition	1
religious objective	a not for profit objective that reflects the religious goals of an organization	rel:definition	1
network location	a virtual location that may be identified by a network address (an identifier for a node or interface)	rel:definition	1
mandatory with choice corporate action	An event which is going to happen but there are choices to be made by the Holder.	rel:definition	1
scheduled event	a class of events that are incorporated in some regular schedule	rel:definition	1
managed cdo portfolio	A portfolio where the reference assets of the CDO are bought (the portfolio is ramped up) and then the CDO manager may alter the portfolio as they see fit.	rel:definition	1
lpn terms	The terms of the LPN contract which define the facliity.	rel:definition	1
usd tbill bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for USD-TBILL-H.15-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
current yield calculation method	The ratio of the interest payment amount to the clean price.	rel:definition	1
text value	A text value is a single value representing textural information represented as an xsd:string. Note that this class is not intended to be used directly (in these cases use xsd:string) but is intended to be subclassed with values with business semantic intent.	rel:definition	1
personal dated facts	Facts about a natural person. These are facts that are true as at a given time.	rel:definition	1
bullion measurement unit	Units in which bullion may be measured.	rel:definition	1
corporate action status message	A message which relates to the status of a corporate action.	rel:definition	1
curve to use	This is a working note from ongoing reviews.	rel:definition	1
special dividend leg term	Special dividends and memorial dividends which are applicable. FpML: 'If present and true, then special dividends and memorial dividends are applicable.' Note that \"if true\" (a yes/no term) and \"if present\" (this term, which is the presence of the thing) are two separate meanings. FpML implies the truth of the Yes/No fact by the presence or absence of this term. However, although FpML definition says \"if present and true\", the term is just a \"boolean\" ie a YTes/no applicability term. Not sure where the special dividends themselves are defined.	rel:definition	1
sgd semi annual swap rate tullett prebon	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-Tullett Prebon	rel:definition	1
cash instrument	a financial instrument whose value is ascertained directly by markets and that can be converted into cash quickly with minimal impact on the price received	rel:definition	1
shareholder precedence rights facet	Facet based on the class or seniority of the equity represented by the shares i.e. ordinary, preference and so on.	rel:definition	1
debt offering	The process step of offering a Debt security for issue. REVIEW: What terms belong for all Debt and what are for Underwriting only?	rel:definition	1
standardized currency option terms set	Standard terms for a currency optioon contract, determined in advance by the exchange. These will become terms of an individual currency option contract. These may be varied or overridden for individual contracts.	rel:definition	1
derivative transaction terms	the contract terms for a derivative transaction, covering payment or delivery by either party to the other	rel:definition	1
change in details notification	Information regarding a generic change, eg, change in the terms of an issue, change in the identification of a security, change of board lot, change from global to definitive.	rel:definition	1
index future	A futures contract on a stock or financial index. For each index there may be a different multiple for determining the price of the futures contract.	rel:definition	1
body limited by guarantee principals agreement	The formal agreement between the principals of a body limited by guarantee.	rel:definition	1
usd isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-ISDA-Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
up to one year	A known duration of one calendar year.	rel:definition	1
net sales income	Profit	rel:definition	1
margin account	Account held at a Derivatives Exchange by a participant in that exchange.	rel:definition	1
floater tranche	A floater tranche is a tranche that is keyed to an index and a spread.	rel:definition	1
account identifier	an identifier assigned to each client account for ease in referring to that party's activity	rel:definition	1
preference share coupon	Agreed Dividend or Coupon payments to the holder of a Preferred Share.	rel:definition	1
municipal bond issue information	Information about the Issuance of a Municipal Bond, which is maintained throughout the life of the Security.	rel:definition	1
securities guaranty insurance policy	Some policy by which some party (directly or more usually through an intermediary who writes this policy) agrees to cover some risk as identified in this policy, on behalf of the holder of the policy. further Notes: Added specifically to cover financial instruments modeling of insurance backed Guaranty. This term would belong within a separate section of specialist insurance terms if there were such a section.	rel:definition	1
general partner equity	Equity in a partnership held by general partners; this is typically accompanied by full liability capability on the part of the holders of the equity.	rel:definition	1
judiciary	a branch of government that comprises the system of courts that interprets and applies the law in the name of the supranational, national, federal, or regional government, depending on its jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
negotiable commodity	a commodity that can be bought or sold in some marketplace	rel:definition	1
usd ois lon icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-OIS-11:00-LON-ICAP	rel:definition	1
deliverable obligation seller	The party which is obligated to sell the Deliverable Obligation in the event that the CDS Contingent Transaction takes place. Deifnition Origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
collateral	an asset offered as security, pledged as an inducement to another party, to lend money, extend credit, or provision securities	rel:definition	1
investor contract	Contract setting out the terms under which some investor invests in the entity and setting out the rights which are conferred on that investor.	rel:definition	1
economic commitment	Some Commitment which forms part of the subject of some Transaction, being an undertaking by one or other of the parties to the transaction, extended to the other party to that same transaction.	rel:definition	1
failure to pay	'A credit event. This credit event triggers, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, if the reference entity fails to make due payments in an aggregrate amount of not less than the payment requirement on one or more obligations (e.g. a missed coupon payment). ISDA 2003 Term: Failure to Pay.'	rel:definition	1
offering statement	an offering memorandum that conforms to Regulation A, Offering Statement, of the Securities Act of 1933	rel:definition	1
personal loan	Consumer Loan: The recipient (borrower) is an end consumer. Types: Home Mortgage	rel:definition	1
notional step change event	a step change in the notional amount of the swap stream	rel:definition	1
farm credit system institution	any federally-chartered financial institution that is supervised, examined, and regulated by the Farm Credit Administration and operates in accordance with the Farm Credit Act of 1971, as amended, 12 U.S.C. 2001 et seq. All Farm Credit System institutions are federally-chartered instrumentalities of the United States.	rel:definition	1
notional step amount	the amount of money which is removed from the notional on each step date	rel:definition	1
first regular coupon date	The scheduled date of the first regular coupon payment, that is the start of payments according to a regular repeating series of coupon periods, after any non standard (long or short) first coupon period in the schedule.	rel:definition	1
security draft prospectus	The draft prospectus for the issue, as determined prior to marketing the issue. Certain terms in the draft prospectus will be finalized later in the issuance process to become the actual Prospectus. Term origin:DTCC issuance Reviews	rel:definition	1
temporal entity specification	A Temporal Entity Specification specifies how some Temporal Entity (instant or intervl, e.g. Day or Period) actually is, other than by direct description.	rel:definition	1
mandatory sinking fund schedule listing	A full schedule of dates and payments for a Mandatory Sinking Fund style of Call.	rel:definition	1
company warrant exercise terms set	Terms setting out how a company warrant or naked warrant may be exercised, including the form which delivery takes.	rel:definition	1
fund legal form documentation	For a fund which is constituted under the law of contract, the constitution or articles that define the fund. These are embodied in a Contract.	rel:definition	1
chf annual swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly quarterly swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-Quarterly-Quarterly Swap Rate-4:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
ron annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for RON-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
contractual commitment	terms and conditions that define the commitment made by the contracting parties, such as rights and obligations when a contract is awarded or entered into	rel:definition	1
exchange	any organization, association, or group of persons, whether incorporated or unincorporated, which constitutes, maintains, or provides a facility for bringing together purchasers and sellers of financial instruments, commodities, or other products, services, or goods, and includes the market place and facilities maintained by such exchange	rel:definition	1
inflation bond	A bond where the principal amount is linked to an index.	rel:definition	1
dividend stream	The Floating Payment Leg of a Dividend Swap. Swap dividend payment rates. Earlier notes this behaves very like a variance swap but instead of betting in pure variance you take a bet on dividend. What practically in one of these: The difference between th ereal life dividend and the one you think it should be. so I say it should bte 2% over the next 10 years, so I swap 2% for the actual dividend amount So then there is one single payment at the end which nets these up. So in the above example ... they are usually 3 month or 6 month contracts, so if for instance th edividend if quarterly, there might be 2 dividends where the difference is netted up at the end.for example. (Us 1/4ly usually , Eur 6 months). Depends on the company's articles of association etc. e.g. Unilever is 6 mo)/ Structurally, Div Swap corr Swap and Var Swap are structured similarly, with one strike at the beginning. Strike may be expressed in terms of the (price) variance (the variance of the returns) , the correlation between typically 2 underlyers. or the dividend for each of these three types of swap respectively. 17 march Dividend is a flow based on a share, so is this not the same as a Return Swap in that the dividend is the return on the dividend? Also recall that with stocks themselves, there is no comitment by the issuer to pay the dividends. FpML: 'Dividend leg.'; 'Floating Payment Leg of a Dividend Swap.'	rel:definition	1
authority	The right to do something, as conferred by some autonomous agent	rel:definition	1
eur euribor act	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EURIBOR-Act/365	rel:definition	1
credit index	a reference index that is a function of credit events that change the value of an underlying portfolio	rel:definition	1
overnight rate	a reference rate that is an interest rate at which a depository institution lends funds to another depository institution (short-term), or the interest rate the central bank charges a financial institution to borrow money overnight	rel:definition	1
equity listing	The listing of an equity security (stock) on an equities exchange or multilateral trading facility.	rel:definition	1
usd tbill	the FpML floating interest index for USD-TBILL-H.15	rel:definition	1
underwriting decision	a loan approval recommendation determined either manually or by an automated underwriting system	rel:definition	1
agency po tranche	Principal Only tranche. This tranche will only pay principal.	rel:definition	1
eur tec cno	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-TEC5-CNO	rel:definition	1
transaction event aspect	A transaction side as seen from the perspective of one of the parties to the transaction.	rel:definition	1
specialist mortgage issuer	A business organization that specialises in and exists for the issuance of mortgages to the general public.	rel:definition	1
sgd sibor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
ratio expression	a proportional relationship specifically between two different quantities or expressions, arrived at by dividing one by the other	rel:definition	1
underwriting process details	Information specific to the Underwriting of the Issue.	rel:definition	1
method	A way in which something is done.	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-OIS-4:15-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
sgd sor vwap	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SOR-VWAP	rel:definition	1
market opening price	The market opening price is the price a broker or someone would refer to at the start of trading.	rel:definition	1
quantity kind	a categorization type for quantity that characterizes quantities as being mutually comparable	rel:definition	1
comparison	A comparison among numerical parameters.	rel:definition	1
realized variable swap side terms	Terms for legs which relate to some statistical measure of performance of the underlying.	rel:definition	1
usd ba	the FpML floating interest index for USD-BA-H.15	rel:definition	1
fund transfer agent	An entity that undertakes the execution of subscription, redemption and switch orders on behalf of a fund. Definition origin:EFAMA DD	rel:definition	1
notional financial marketplace	a place which is identified as a financial market but which is not a physical place such as a country or region. This may be a conceptual place such as the Eurobond market or the Global market.	rel:definition	1
accounting party	The Party from the perspective of which these accounts are prepared. This is the to whom the balances apply. There would be corresponding accounts (supplier, customer) for counterparties with whom the Accounting Party does business.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-6M EURIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
modify convention roll rule	A rule to apply when the Date Rool Rule results in a specified date falling on a working date in the month or year following the date which was returned before the Date Roll Rule was applied.	rel:definition	1
offeror	a party that proposes to make something available to someone (i.e., an offeree) based on the terms of the offering	rel:definition	1
registrar	a party that has the capacity to act as a representative of a registration authority to provide registration services, including official record keeping	rel:definition	1
futures initial trading margin	"See also notes under \""Futures Trading Margin\""	rel:editorialNote	1
futures initial trading margin	""When you open a futures contract, the futures exchange will state a minimum amount of money that you must deposit into your account. This original deposit of money is called the initial margin."	rel:definition	1
federal reserve district	a region of the US identifying the jurisdiction of a Federal Reserve Bank, numbered and named for the city in which that reserve bank is located	rel:definition	1
controlling leverage party	A party which exercises control as a result of some investment in an equity.	rel:definition	1
credit score model	an algorithm for computing the credit score of e.g. a credit applicant	rel:definition	1
statutory law	Written law set down by a legislature or by a legislator.	rel:definition	1
accounting transaction	event or condition recognized by an entry in the records of an account	rel:definition	1
degree of control	the degree of control one entity has over another	rel:definition	1
emancipated minor	a minor who is allowed to conduct a business or any other occupation on his or her own behalf or for their own account outside the control of a parent or guardian	rel:definition	1
maturity extension notification	"As stipulated in a bond's Terms and Conditions, the issuer or the bondholder may prolong the maturity date of a bond. After extension, the security may differ from original issue (new rate or maturity date). May be subject to bondholder's approval. Note that the definition given for this in SWIFT is really narrative. New definition drafted in its place. SWIFT Full Text \""As stipulated in a bond's Terms and Conditions, the issuer or the bondholder may prolong the maturity date of a bond. After extension, the security may differ from original issue (new rate or maturity date). May be subject to bondholder's approval.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
maturity extension notification	""Notification of an extension to the maturity date of a bond by the issuer, in line with existing terms and conditions."	rel:definition	1
repurchase agreement	A repurchase agreement (or repo) is an agreement between two parties whereby one party lends the other a security at a specified price with a commitment to take the security back at a later date for another specified price.	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm banks	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-TIBM (5 Banks)	rel:definition	1
security	a financial instrument that can be bought or sold	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-Semi Annual Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
interbank offered rate	an interbank rate that is the interest rate at which participating banks lend money	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement agreements terms	Terms setting out specific Agreements between the parties, that is specific things they agree to do or allow.	rel:definition	1
guaranty	a commitment whereby something, such as a debt, cash flows on a debt instrument (e.g., interest payments), or performance of some obligation, is guaranteed if the person or organization with primary liability fails to perform	rel:definition	1
account payable balance	Balance of accounts receivable	rel:definition	1
potential non agency mbs issuer	The entity which will become the issuing party for the Tranched MBS Issue. This entity is the principal actor in most of the activities involved in the issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
senior mbs tranche	Specific kinds of tranche are modeled for example and investigation only and have been removed from the diagrams. These will be removed from the final model.	rel:definition	1
information right	The right to some information in some context, for example when purchasing some product. The right to full and fair disclosure of	rel:definition	1
gbp wmba sonia compound	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-WMBA-SONIA-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
entity validation level enumeration	an enumerated datatype specifying the level of validation performed by the GLEIF or LOU with respect to the reference data provided by the registrant	rel:definition	1
commercial loan	Loan extended for a commercial purpose. Further notes: Commercial Loans: Talk about property like office building. Borrower is a small business or corporation. Meanings: Loan extended for a commercial purpose versus Loan extended to a corporate entity Example: Aus: Nature of security e.g. private property versus commercial property being pledged as security, as there are different requirements on these. Also legislation on commercial lending by governments (business strategy etc.).	rel:definition	1
purposive amount	An amount of something defined in terms of its usefulness for some purpose. Scope Note: Includes investment capital (an amount of capital intended or used for investment), and amounts of raw material used or to be used in e.g. manufacture of something.	rel:definition	1
court of law	A court of law is a court that hears cases and decides them on the basis of statutes or the common law.	rel:definition	1
subfund supervisory authority	The legal entity which supervises the fund or fund industry(for a subfund located in a different country)	rel:definition	1
calendar period	an enumeration that indicates whether a CalendarSpecifiedDate is figured with respect to a calendar week, a calendar month, a calendar quarter, or a calendar year	rel:definition	1
loan arrears status	Arrears describes the whole period where a loan is either delinquent or in default. [mixed bag of types of Status] formerly Loan Status. Now: The status of arrears performance at any given time in the life of the loan (e.g. present, series of dated past values).	rel:definition	1
exchange and listing service	a trading and (optionally) listing service for the purposes of securities trading	rel:definition	1
club	An informal organization formed to pursue some common interest among its members	rel:definition	1
board of directors	Governing body (called the board) of an incorporated firm. Its members (directors) are elected normally by the subscribers (stockholders) of the firm (generally at an annual general meeting or AGM) to govern the firm and look after the subscribers' interests. The board has the ultimate decision-making authority and, in general, is empowered to (1) set the company's policy, objectives, and overall direction, (2) adopt bylaws, (3) name members of the advisory, executive, finance, and other committees, (4) hire, monitor, evaluate, and fire the managing director and senior executives, (5) determine and pay the dividend, and (6) issue additional shares. Though all its members might not be engaged in the company's day-to-day operations, the entire board is held liable (under the doctrine of collective responsibility) for the consequences of the firm's policies, actions, and failures to act. Members of the board usually include senior-most executives (called inside directors or executive directors) as well as experts or respected persons chosen from the wider community (called outside directors or non-executive directors).	rel:definition	1
us treasury bill date	an auction date for US 13 week and 26 week Treasury bills	rel:definition	1
total debt expense ratio	a portion of 100 that represents the ratio of all monthly debt payments of all the borrowers, including proposed housing expenses, to the  income of the borrowers as relied upon to make a credit decision	rel:definition	1
writedown	The fact that the underlier writes down its outstanding principal amount. Further notes: A credit event. FpML full definition: 'A credit event. Results from the fact that the underlier writes down its outstanding principal amount.'	rel:definition	1
interest rate future standardized terms set	A set of standard terms for interest rate futures contracts, as set out by the derivatives exchange. Interest Rate Futures contracts issued by and traded on that exchange will take on these terms or override them.	rel:definition	1
delivery method	The means or process used in delivering something.	rel:definition	1
twd quarterly annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
bond exchange closing price	The price at close of trading on a given trading day on an exchange.	rel:definition	1
interest bearing cp	Interest Bearing Commercial Paper is sold at par and has interest rate but only pays interest at maturity.	rel:definition	1
temporal unit	Units in which Time and Date are measured, for example in defining Durations	rel:definition	1
eur isda libor swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-ISDA-LIBOR Swap Rate-10:00	rel:definition	1
fund unit distribution method	The normal distribution policy for funds.	rel:definition	1
inr inbmk reuters	the FpML floating interest index for INR-INBMK-REUTERS	rel:definition	1
equity correlation swap contract	no definition FpML (unusable): A correlation swap.	rel:definition	1
try annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for TRY-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
fund prospectus	The Prospectus for the Fund. This is a document made available publicly for potential investors. It will include facts about the fund investment objective, investment focus and other details of the fund. Some of this information becomes binding on the fund once it is issued, while other information is guidelines only.	rel:definition	1
eur usd basis swaps icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR USD-Basis Swaps-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
entitlement rights instrument	A security giving the holder of that security the entitlement to purchase or sell back to the issuer new securities or some other commodity or instrument at a predetermined price.	rel:definition	1
fixed interest calculation formula	Formula for Fixed Interest.	rel:definition	1
dkk cibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for DKK-CIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
relationship context	Any context in which Parties are defined.	rel:definition	1
special obligation bond	A bond secured by a limited revenue source or promise to pay.	rel:definition	1
credit union	a cooperative association organized for the purpose of promoting thrift among its members and creating a source of credit for provident or productive purposes	rel:definition	1
credit union	a not-for-profit financial institution, typically formed by the employees of a company, labor union, or religious group, operated as a cooperative association organized for the purpose of promoting thrift among its members and creating a source of credit for provident or productive purposes	rel:definition	1
esoteric abs	An asset backed security based on some underlying promised future cashflow.	rel:definition	1
registered agent	a legal agent designated by another party (person or organization), to represent and acts on their behalf under a formal agency agreement	rel:definition	1
informative event	An event which reflects some change in information about something.	rel:definition	1
bullion type selection	A type of bullion i.e. a metal which will be defined as a bullion commodity.	rel:definition	1
change to smallest negotiable unit	Modification of the smallest negotiable unit of shares in order to obtain a new negotiable unit. SWIFT:SMAL	rel:definition	1
municipal government	the government of a municipality	rel:definition	1
occurrence based date	An OccurrenceBaseDate is a CalculatedDate that is defined with respect to the Occurrence of some OccurrenceKind. The 'hasDateValue' property of an OccurrenceBasedDate is not set until the Occurrence happens.  The 'triggeredBy' property relates an OccurrenceBasedDate to the OccurrenceKind that gives the meaning of the OccurrenceBasedDate.	rel:definition	1
special tax bond	A bond secured by revenues derived from one or more designated taxes other than ad valorem taxes. For example, bonds for a particular purpose might be supported by sales, cigarette, fuel or business license taxes.	rel:definition	1
business registry	a registry for registering and maintaining information about business entities	rel:definition	1
regulatory requirement	A requirement of some sort by which something is to be regulated.	rel:definition	1
legally capable adult	a person who has attained the age of majority as defined by given jurisdiction and is allowed to conduct a business or any other occupation on his or her own behalf or for their own account	rel:definition	1
stockholders rights instrument	A security giving stockholders entitlement to purchase new securities issued by the corporation at a predetermined price (normally less than the current market price) in proportion to the number of securities already owned.	rel:definition	1
voting shareholding	a holding of some voting share	rel:definition	1
balance sheet cdo objective	The objective is that the CDO is created to move assets off the originator balance sheet.	rel:definition	1
traded instrument issuance process information	Information on one Security issue, arising from the Issuance Process. Note that one Issuance Process (Offering) may relate to more than on Issue, which itself may be the issue of more than one Traded Security.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate month swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-3 Month-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
issued equity	externally-held stockholders equity that may be transferred from one party to another	rel:definition	1
tribal government	a government representing a group of indigenous people that has legal authority to govern those people, including authority to legislate the existance of tribal entities	rel:definition	1
interest rate observable	a rate-based observable that is specifically an interest rate	rel:definition	1
new housing sector	a classifier for a sector of the economy used for price indices focused on contractors' selling prices of new residential houses, where detailed specifications pertaining to each house remain the same between two consecutive periods	rel:definition	1
cap determination	The Strike rate is to be subtracted from the Observable rate on the reset date, to determine the settlement amount. This is incorrect. Cap applies to borrower. the Cap is the max amount I will pay to borrow. I take a capped rate. I am the buyer of the option. The market rate this time is higher than the capped rate. You as the seller of the option will pay me thedifference bwteen the capped rate and the market reate. If the market rate is lower than the capped rate no one pays anything because I will not exercise my right to that capped rate. So no money changes hands at settlement. Then: capped Loan: What I would be paying would be interest at the market rate if the market rate is lower, but if the market rate is higher then I would pay interest at the capped rate. This is the difference between a cap as a loan or as a cash settled thing. These represent different kinds of contract: Non loan one: Cap talks of settlement being difference between the market rate and the strike rate. This is cash settled. Name: \"Cap\" Loan one: Cap talks about a maximum interest rate payable by the holder, so the holder pays an amount each time, up to a maximum which is the Cap rate. Name: \"Capped Loan\" What manner of thin is this? A loan. Its ancestors are not OTC derivatives contracts thet are Loan.	rel:definition	1
indenture	A written contract, also known as a \"Deed of Trust\", under which bonds and debentures are issued, setting forth maturity date, interest rate, redemption rights, call privileges and other terms. Under the rules of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the contract is executed by the issuer and a trustee who acts on behalf of the bondholders.	rel:definition	1
cash cdo	A CDO which has an uderlying portfolio of assets which are held by the issuer.	rel:definition	1
algo debt credit spread	The Spread between the Debt Instrument Maturity and the Credit Rating of the Issuer.	rel:definition	1
finance company	a financial intermediary in the business of making loans to individuals or businesses that obtains its financing from banks, institutions, and other money market sources rather than from deposits	rel:definition	1
cds fee payment commitment	The commitment in a Credit Default Swap, to pay the fee or fees for the credit protection.	rel:definition	1
fund redemption terms	Formal terms for redemption of units in the fund. These set out what the investor and the fund may or may not do.	rel:definition	1
securities underwriting issuance process	The process by which debt instruments are offered to the market by a syndicate of underwriters who underwrite the issue.	rel:definition	1
business	An organization or economic system where goods and services are exchanged for one another or for money. Every business requires some form of investment and enough customers to whom its output can be sold on a consistent basis in order to make a profit. Businesses can be privately owned, not-for-profit or state-owned. An example of a corporate business is PepsiCo, while a mom-and-pop catering business is a private enterprise.	rel:definition	1
equity option exercise terms set	Contractual terms setting out the price or level at which the Equity option is to be struck.	rel:definition	1
sgd sor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
usd libor bba bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for USD-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
receiver	A party appointed by some court for the purposes of winding up the affairs of some entity which is no longer solvent.	rel:definition	1
mutual commitment	A commitment between two or more parties	rel:definition	1
partly paid	Partly paid	rel:definition	1
managed cdo	A CDO where the reference assets are bought (the portfolio is ramped up) and then the CDO manager may alter the portfolio as they see fit.	rel:definition	1
corporate borrower	A borrower which is a Corporation.	rel:definition	1
restriction	a Securities & Exchange Commission rule modifying a two-year holding period requirement on privately placed securities to permit qualified institutional buyers to trade these positions among themselves	rel:definition	1
auto loan pool	A loan pool covering automobile-related loans.	rel:definition	1
distribution by payment	Distribution by payment of a monetary amount.	rel:definition	1
rub mosprime nfea	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-MOSPRIME-NFEA	rel:definition	1
loan product representations	Representations about the loan product and the appropriateness of this for the borrower.	rel:definition	1
cad libor bba swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-LIBOR-BBA-SwapMarker	rel:definition	1
economic contract terms set	Terms underlying the contract for a transaction.	rel:definition	1
retail asset pool creation process	The process by which pools of assets are created. These may then be used in the issue of securities based on those asset pools as underlying.	rel:definition	1
spot delivery	Delivery of some agreed item in the present or at some agreed but imediate settlement date.	rel:definition	1
limited partnership unit restriction	Restrictions on ownership or transfer of the Units.	rel:definition	1
calculated price	a monetary price determined by a formula	rel:definition	1
otc derivative transaction master agreement	"Sample preamble to one of these: \""EXAMPLE BANK, a Michigan banking corporation and SAMPLECOMPANY US, INC. a Delaware corporation have entered and/or anticipate entering into one or more transactions (each a \""Transaction\"") that are or will be governed by this Master Agreement, which includes the schedule (the \""Schedule\""), and the documents and other confirming evidence (each a \""Confirmation\"") exchanged between the parties confirming those Transactions. \""	rel:example	1
otc derivative transaction master agreement	""Master agreement covering over the counter derivatives transactions to be carried out between the parties to this contract."	rel:definition	1
inr mifor	the FpML floating interest index for INR-MIFOR	rel:definition	1
dated past value	A value at a given time and date. The value of a dated parameter, at a stated point in the past, present or future.	rel:definition	1
management action	An event relating to the management of a company or other concern.	rel:definition	1
reference factor	Some factor which is referred to in calculations and which is itself calculated in order to perform those calculations.	rel:definition	1
base unit	a measurement unit that is defined by a system of units to be the reference measurement unit for a base quantity	rel:definition	1
cad libor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
chf libor bba bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
coupon regular period length	Length of a regular periodic component of a coupon schedule.	rel:definition	1
cny shibor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-SHIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
duration analytic	Weighted average time to receipt of all the payments.	rel:definition	1
commercial loan borrower	The borrower of a Commercial Loan	rel:definition	1
share value change notification	Notification of a change in the face value of a share.	rel:definition	1
gbp libor bba bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
contractual transaction party	That which is party to a transaction which has contractual standing.	rel:definition	1
note fund unit	Need a legal definition - to follow. This is one of the mechanisms by which an investor may hold an interest in a fund, but is not a Bond or a Share.	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly quarterly swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-Quarterly-Quarterly Swap Rate-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
bond with mandatory sinking fund	Bonds where the amortizing is via a sinking fund the details of which are mandated in the terms of the bond itself.	rel:definition	1
representations section	Section containing statements held out by one party to the other as being true and correct at the time of the Agreement. A representation, as contained in this section of a contract, is a statement by one other party asserting that some given state of the world exists.	rel:definition	1
recurrence interval	a time interval that is consistent between elements of a regular schedule	rel:definition	1
options theta	A measure of the rate of change in an option's theoretical value for a one-unit change in time to the option's expiration date. Action: add terms that define or influence this.	rel:definition	1
county	An area within a country or state, designated by that country or state as a County for its own descriptive and administrative purposes. Fiurther Notes: Specific properties of counties will vary from one country or state to another and are not erpresented here - this is purely a labelled area of land within a country, similar to a Region.	rel:definition	1
fixed lookback strike terms	Strike terms which reflect the difference between a running maximum value of the observable during the lookback period, and the pre-agreed strike. The agreed settlement is based on the difference between these. Further Notes This is only settled in cash and the strike is predetermined at payoff and the payoff is the max diff between the optimal price and the strike price.	rel:definition	1
third party corporate action issuer message	Message from security issuer, notifying holders of a third party action.	rel:definition	1
company option event	A company option may be granted by the company, allowing the holder to take up shares at some future date(s) at a pre arranged price in the company.	rel:definition	1
mbs instrument slice	A holding of an individual slice or slices of a tranche.	rel:definition	1
juridical person	an entity, as a firm, that is not a single natural person, as a human being, authorized by law with duties and rights, recognized as a legal authority having a distinct identity, a legal personality	rel:definition	1
exempt transaction	a securities transaction for which there is no requirement to register the transaction with a regulatory agency	rel:definition	1
usd sibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for USD-SIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
geolocation coordinates	Co-ordinates which uniquely identify some physical location.	rel:definition	1
non agency po tranche	Principal Only tranche. This tranche will only pay principal.	rel:definition	1
debt observable	The instrument which is defined as the Reference Asset for this leg. This is the instrument the interest cashflows of which become payable under this leg of the Swap.	rel:definition	1
otc index option	An option whose underlying security is an index. If exercised, settlement is made by cash payment, since physical delivery is not possible.	rel:definition	1
premium percentage of notional expression	The expression of the premium as a percentage of the notional value of the transaction.	rel:definition	1
constitutional law	The body of law which defines the relationship of different entities within a state, namely the executive, legislature and the judiciary. Further notes: (from Wikipedia): Constitutional laws may be considered second order rulemaking or rules about making rules to exercise power.	rel:definition	1
derived quantity	a quantity kind, in a system of quantities, that is not a base quantity of the system but may be defined in terms of base quantities of the system	rel:definition	1
derivatives delivery type	Type of delivery for a traded futures or options contract; the way in which a contract is settled in the event of expiry or exercise.	rel:definition	1
significant controlling interest party	A person which owns a significant voting stake in this entity of between some lower significant threshold and 50 percent, but not 50 percent or more.	rel:definition	1
stock corporation	a corporation that has shareholders (stockholders), each of whom receives a portion of the ownership of the corporation through shares of stock	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-3M EURIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
tranched mbs issue prospectus part	A part or section of a prospectus for a tranched mortgage backed securities issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
brokerage firm	a firm in the business of buying and selling securities, operating as both a broker and a dealer, depending on the transaction	rel:definition	1
loan servicer	The party which is the Loan Servicer. Further notes: The Loan Servicer may be the original lender or it may be someone else. For instance, if the bank is sold by Bank A, it may be given to some third party for servicing. Servicing is either done by the original lender or by someone else. Idea: Look at a data model from one of the main agencies. See Fannie Mae enterprise common data model. In progress. More precise definition needed for what it is to service a loan, i.e. what activities this party participates in and what facts apply. Some of these are defined in the facts which are emerging from these reviews. There seem to be several functions which may or may not be combined.	rel:definition	1
aed ebor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for AED-EBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
place of incorporation change	Changes in the state of incorporation for US companies and changes in the place of incorporation for foreign companies. Where shares need to be registered following the incorporation change, the holder(s) may have to elect the registrar. SWIFT = PLAC	rel:definition	1
chief executive officer	Top executive responsible for a firm's overall operations and performance. He or she is the leader of the firm, serves as the main link between the board of directors (the board) and the firm's various parts or levels, and is held solely responsible for the firm's success or failure. One of the major duties of a CEO is to maintain and implement corporate policy, as established by the board. Also called President or managing director, he or she may also be the chairman (or chairperson) of the board.	rel:definition	1
funds processing passport	The Funds Processing Passport. This is defined as a document. This has terms drawn from elsewhere in the model which are defined as part of the FPP for reasons defined in the FPP descriptions.	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
money market future standardized terms set	A set of standard terms for money market futures contracts, as set out by the derivatives exchange. Money Market Futures contracts issued by and traded on that exchange will take on these terms or override them.	rel:definition	1
formula expression	How the Formula is expressed i.e. the Right Hand Side of the Formula.	rel:definition	1
coinage	Money in the form of coins minted by some authorized mint.	rel:definition	1
date time	a combination of a date and a time, without a time zone	rel:definition	1
option instrument exercise terms	Contractual terms defining when or under what circumstances an options instrument may be exercised.	rel:definition	1
cop ibr ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for COP-IBR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
price	Some monetary value ascribed to something, as being a measure of its value or perceived value.	rel:definition	1
price	an amount of money, goods, or services requested, expected, required, or given in exchange for something else	rel:definition	1
metropolitan statistical area	one or more adjacent counties or county equivalents that have at least one urban core area of at least 50,000 population, plus adjacent territory that has a high degree of social and economic integration with the core as measured by commuting ties	rel:definition	1
gbp sonia ois icap	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-SONIA-OIS-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
written communication	Some formal written communication from some party to another party or parties or to the world at large, notifying them about some fact or occurrence.	rel:definition	1
single value	A single value is a Value with exactly one distinguished \"hasValue\" property that represents the primary data element of that value. Other properties of a SingleValue may be defined to qualify hasValue, such as a unit, namespace or defining authority.	rel:definition	1
stock option exercise terms set	Contractual terms defining when or under what circumstances a single stock options instrument may be exercised.	rel:definition	1
nzd nziona ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-NZIONA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
municipal security	Municipal Securities is a general term referring to a bond, note, warrant, certificate of participation or other obligation issued by a state or local government or their agencies or authorities (such as cities, towns, villages, counties or special districts or authorities). A prime feature of most municipal securities is that interest or other investment earnings on them are generally excluded from gross income of the bondholder for federal income tax purposes. Some municipal securities are subject to federal income tax, although the issuers or bondholders may receive other federal tax advantages for certain types of taxable municipal securities. Some examples include Build America Bonds, municipal fund securities and direct pay subsidy bonds.	rel:definition	1
stock volatillity	A measure of stock price fluctuation. Mathematically the volatility is the annualized standard deviation of a stock's daily price changes.	rel:definition	1
cap or floor determination	Whether a given thing is treated as a Cap (something goes no higher than this amount) or as a Floor (something goes no lower than this).	rel:definition	1
usd tibor isdc	the FpML floating interest index for USD-TIBOR-ISDC	rel:definition	1
cdo issuing party	The party which issues the CDO on behalf of the sponsor. This is identified as being a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) set up specifically to issue the CDO. A CDO has a sponsoring organization, which establishes a special purpose vehicle to hold collateral and issue securities. Sponsors can include banks, other financial institutions or investment managers, as described below. Expenses associated with running the special purpose vehicle are subtracted from cash flows to investors. Often, the sponsoring organization retains the most subordinate equity tranch of a CDO.	rel:definition	1
income verification method selection	Selection of possible methods by which borrower's income was determined.	rel:definition	1
inflation index fall back bond	A fallback bond as defined in the 2006 ISDA Inflation Derivatives Definitions, sections 1.3 and 1.8.	rel:definition	1
construction loan snapshot	Information at a point in time, specific to a Construction Loan.	rel:definition	1
business register identifier	an identifier that uniquely identifies a business register, such as a register identified by the Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF) registration authorities list	rel:definition	1
loan third party	A party which, by virtue of being a third party to the Loan Contract, performs some role directly in relation to the Loan.	rel:definition	1
exchange business day type	When calculating the number of days between two dates the count includes only stock exchange business days.	rel:definition	1
controlled amortization bond	bond that is securitized using a controlled amortization structure	rel:definition	1
company equity terms set	Terms setting out the equity in a company, including the various kinds of rights, the shares that embody those rights etc.	rel:definition	1
geopolitical entity	any country, federal province, city or other administrative unit which is both geographical and political in its identity	rel:definition	1
primary identifier issuer	The party which formally issues the primary security identifier to the security. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
phone number	a virtual address for communication via phone	rel:definition	1
coupon schedule specification	Formal specification of the Schedule for regular payment of Coupon Amounts.	rel:definition	1
twd reuters	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-Reuters-6165	rel:definition	1
call price	a price at which a debt instrument with a call feature may be redeemed by the issuer	rel:definition	1
variable premium determination formula	Formula for agreed determination of the variable premium.	rel:definition	1
certificate of obligation	A Certificate of Obligation is a form of debt available to governing councils in case of emergency  a God-created catastrophe  that needs immediate action without time for voter referendum. For example, when a hurricane destroys the police and emergency services building, there is no time to go through the process of voter referendum. The local council must be able to borrow the money to set up provisional buildings and necessary equipment for police and emergency services so that the community is served in continuity.	rel:definition	1
registration service	service provided to individuals and/or organizations to register items in a registry	rel:definition	1
extendable maturity redemption terms	contract terms related to the redemption of a security with extendable maturity	rel:definition	1
legitimate organization	An organization that exists to serve some lawful purpose	rel:definition	1
federal capital area	The capital administrative region of a country which is a federation, if the physical area of this region does not form a part of any of the states or pronvinces which make up the federal country.	rel:definition	1
pass through mbs deal	An issue of Mortgage Backed Security instruments in which payments on the pool are passed through to investors	rel:definition	1
government	the system by which a state or community is controlled	rel:definition	1
outlay	Cash spent on something.	rel:definition	1
swap confirmation	a formal confirmation that codifies the terms and conditions specific to a lifecycle event with respect to the overall transaction between the parties	rel:definition	1
credit institution or investment firm	a European financial institution that is a credit institution or an investment firm as defined by the European Banking Authority (EBA)	rel:definition	1
floor	A building subdivision whose extent is the horizontal extent of the building at that height.	rel:definition	1
tranche notes parameters	One set of information defining the notes breakdown of one tranche. Covers denominations and amounts that you can byu of the instrument in this tranche. Q: Is this really defined in the prospectus? A: yes The prospectus lists the characteristics including e.g. \"The notes will be sold in denominations of X AND Increuemtns of Y e.g. $250 000 incremented by $1000. Parameters include: Denominations Minimum amounts what else? Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
funds processing party	A party involved in the processing of funds in some way.	rel:definition	1
economic resource	Anything that can bought sold or exchanged.	rel:definition	1
curve convexity	The convexity of the curve between any two time-variant parameters.	rel:definition	1
system requirement	A requirement to be met in some System.	rel:definition	1
cdo cashflow treatment structure	The way in which cash flows are handled in a CDO.	rel:definition	1
cashflow terms	terms setting out a cashflow structure of payments committed to by one party to a contract	rel:definition	1
record	a memorialization and objective evidence of activities performed, events occurred, results achieved, or statements made, regardless of its characteristics, media, physical form, or the manner in which it is recorded or stored	rel:definition	1
equity return swap contract	No definition FpML has no distinct product type for this, instead the schema for Return Swaps has content which is an Equity Swap Transaction Supplement.	rel:definition	1
business registration authority	a registration authority that is responsible for maintaining a registry of business entities	rel:definition	1
city	An urban center defined as a geopolitical entity, that is one coming under one or more specific adminstrations	rel:definition	1
business registry entry	an entry in a business registry	rel:definition	1
exchange specific securities registry entry	an entry in an exchange-specific securities repository	rel:definition	1
credit agreement	a contractual agreement in which a debtor receives something of value and agrees to repay the creditor at some date in the future, in some form (e.g., cash, securities, etc.), generally with interest	rel:definition	1
total owner	Entity having 100 percent ownership in the entity so owned.	rel:definition	1
corporate limited partner	A limited partner in a partnership, who is and may only be a Corporate Legal Person (i.e., not a natural person)	rel:definition	1
equity option entitlement	The entitlements to the holder, comprised in an option contract or transaction supplement. FpML: 'The number of shares per option comprised in the option transaction supplement.' In FpML this is an either / or: Either a whole number representing the number of shares per option, or a multiplier to be applied to an index underlyer (and, presumably, a basket underlyer)	rel:definition	1
securities transaction	a trade that represents the execution of an order to buy or sell a security	rel:definition	1
principal repayment terms	contract terms that specify requirements for repayment of the principal	rel:definition	1
unknown duration	A length of time whose length is not known.	rel:definition	1
cny repo compounding date	the FpML floating interest index for CNY 7-Repo Compounding Date	rel:definition	1
calendar day	the period from one midnight to the following midnight.	rel:definition	1
savings and loan association	a financial institution that accepts deposits primarily from individuals and channels its funds primarily into residential mortgage loans	rel:definition	1
structured finance instrument	A security that has periodic principal payments with the amount of principal that is paid being dictated by a published factor.	rel:definition	1
security structured name	The formal, structured name of a Security.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-4:15-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate swap marker	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-SwapMarker26	rel:definition	1
loan payment	Add in here the terms on payment history related terms which are in the \"Loan Contract\" set.	rel:definition	1
contractually capable entity	A unique entity that is legally or financially responsible for the performance of financial transactions, or has the legal right in its jurisdiction to enter independently into legal contracts, regardless of whether it is incorporated or constituted in some other way (e.g. trust, partnership, contractual). This excludes natural persons, but includes governmental organizations and supranationals.	rel:definition	1
discrete physical thing	Some physical item with well defined physical extent.	rel:definition	1
currency identifier	the trigraph representing the currency	rel:definition	1
swap receiving party	a swap party that receives payments for a given leg of the transaction as defined in the contract	rel:definition	1
blue sky law	a kind of securities regulation passed by various states, designed to protect investors against securities fraud by requiring sellers of new issues to register their offerings and provide financial details	rel:definition	1
conversion action	Conversion or optional exchange of securities (generally convertible bonds or preferred shares) into another form of securities (usually common shares) at a pre-stated price.	rel:definition	1
vwop	Volume Weighted Open Price determined by multiplying each trade by its volume then dividing by the volume over a certain period during the open. MDDL	rel:definition	1
loan collateral	Assets pledged to a lender until a loan is repaid. Further notes: This provides one means by which some extension of finance (such as a loan, debt or equity issue) is under-written. PoC equivalent term definition and note: Collateral is property collateral or additional collateral associated with a loan or mortgage loan (PoC data note) There are foreign key attributes of collateral coupling it to collateral provider and to loan.	rel:definition	1
usd treasury rate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Treasury Rate-T19901	rel:definition	1
mathematical expression	Some expression of some mathematical quantity or quantities.	rel:definition	1
jpy tsr reuters	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TSR-Reuters-15:00	rel:definition	1
sovereign wealth fund	Government investment fund funded by foreign currency reserves. Review: Also include things like International Monetary Fund. Are these a Legal Entity? See also Funds model. Move the question about Sovereign Wealth Funds to the Funds model. Looking at definitions (e.g. Wikipedia) it's a state owned investment fund. The legal entity owner is a government (or in fact a State, which is governed by a Government).	rel:definition	1
street	Some traversable strip of land or water containing along it some buildings or land.	rel:definition	1
service	a type of economic activity that is intangible, is not stored and does not result in ownership; a service is consumed at the point of sale	rel:definition	1
specified date	a calculated date that is defined by a rule, which is captured as a string by the 'hasDateSpecification' property	rel:definition	1
specified date	A date which is unknown in terms of not having a specific calendar date attached to it, but known in the sense of being specified unambiguously by some specification.	rel:definition	1
option conditional payout terms	Terms governing a conditional payment commitment on an option.	rel:definition	1
banking product	a product provided to consumers and businesses by a bank or similar depository institution such as a checking account, savings account, certificate of deposit, debit or pre-paid card, or credit card	rel:definition	1
inflation factor formula	The formula by which the inflation factor is determined for the bond. This is part of the formula terms.	rel:definition	1
price interpolation specification	A price which is an interpolation between two publicly available prices fo rths instrument.	rel:definition	1
packaged financial product	a financial product that acts as a container, or wrapper, for one or more financial instruments, including other financial products	rel:definition	1
coupon stub period	Irregular Coupon Period at the start and / or the end of the Coupon Schedule, which does not fall into the Periodic Date Series.	rel:definition	1
derivatives listing	A listing of an instrument on a derivatives exchange. The listing is a product of the individual exchange.	rel:definition	1
gbp wmba ronia compound	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-WMBA-RONIA-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
cad libor bba	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
aud semi annual swap rate bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
underwriter takedown for debt	Infomation on Takedown quantity of the Debt security handled by the underwriter (that will be brought into DTC).	rel:definition	1
basket of credit risks	a basket of securities and / or legal entities, collected for the purpose of identifying risk	rel:definition	1
structured finance instrument pool	A pool investment consisting of a collection of structured finance instruments.	rel:definition	1
odd lot offer	Offer by issuer to allow holders of an odd lot of a security to order a commission-free transaction at market price, to sell the odd lot, or to buy an amount of shares which will bring the position to a round lot (board lot). SWIFT = ODLT	rel:definition	1
default proceeding type selection	(1) Default amount (2) Property Sale (3) Loss amount (4) Recoveries (5) Professional Negligence	rel:definition	1
benefit corporation	a not for profit corporation set up under specific state legislation to provide some stated societal benefit, and with some corresponding relaxation of the obligation to maximize shareholder return	rel:definition	1
tax treatment	Amount of money due to the government or tax authority, applicable to some thing or activity in some jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
organizational sub unit	any department, service, or other entity within a larger formal organization that only has full recognition within the context of that formal organization, but requires identification for some purpose	rel:definition	1
interest rate future debt underlying	The debt instrument which is the underlying of an Interest Rate Future contract.	rel:definition	1
investment based de facto controlling interest party	A party which exercises some degree of de facto control based on some investment which they hold in the entity.	rel:definition	1
civil law	The branch of the law dealing with disputes between individuals or organizations, in which compensation may be awarded to the victim.	rel:definition	1
equity variance swap contract	no definition FpML (unusable): Specifies the structure of a variance swap.	rel:definition	1
cad ba cdor	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-BA-CDOR	rel:definition	1
planned amortization class bond	Planned Amortization Class tranche.This is a tranche where the principal payment must follow a certain schedule.	rel:definition	1
bullion	Any precious metal.	rel:definition	1
chf annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
seller	a party that makes, offers or contracts to make a sale to an actual or potential buyer	rel:definition	1
combined statistical area	a combination of adjacent metropolitan and micropolitan areas with economic ties measured by commuting patterns	rel:definition	1
huf bubor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for HUF-BUBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
coupon strip	Coupon stripping is the process whereby interest coupons for future payment dates are separated from the security corpus that entitles the holder to the principal repayment.	rel:definition	1
accrued interest amount	The interest accrued on the bond or debt instrument at the time that the price is quoted. If this is a dirty price, this is the amount of accrued interest that is included in the price. This is therefore passed on to the purchaser of the bond or debt instrument.	rel:definition	1
non wholly owned subsidiary	a subsidiary which is not a wholly owned subsidiary	rel:definition	1
instrument of incorporation	Some legal instrument by which some legal entity which is not a natural person is made to exist.	rel:definition	1
government body	a formal organization that is an agency, instrumentality, or other body of supranational, national, federal, state, or local government, including certain multijurisdictional agencies and departments that carry out the business of government	rel:definition	1
technical standard	An established norm or requirement about technical systems; a published document formally setting out such established norm.	rel:definition	1
fund distribution policy	The overal diustribution policy or policy limitations for the fund itself.	rel:definition	1
share option strike terms set	The strike price is the price per share specified or otherwise determined in the transaction. This can be expressed either as a percentage of notional amount or as an absolute value. FpML equityStrike (complex type): A type for defining the strike price for an equity option. The strike price is either: (i) in respect of an index option transaction, the level of the relevant index specified or otherwise determined in the transaction; or (ii) in respect of a share option transaction, the price per share specified or otherwise determined in the transaction. This can be expressed either as a percentage of notional amount or as an absolute value.	rel:definition	1
line item	a description of a product or service including its unit cost, number of units and total cost	rel:definition	1
sale method	The means by which something is sold.	rel:definition	1
registration status	a lifecycle stage indicating the status of a given registration of something, such as a business or legal entity, as specified by the registration authority	rel:definition	1
equity linked bond	A bond where the bond is based on the return on an equity over time i.e. the price and dividend payments i.e. the total return (similar to total return swaps).	rel:definition	1
executive	person appointed and given the responsibility to manage the affairs of an organization and the authority to make decisions within specified boundaries	rel:definition	1
contract preamble	The part of a contract which defines the parties and gives sufficient information for them to be unambiguously identified, along with other pertinent information such as the subject of the contract.	rel:definition	1
security forward delivery	Forward delivery of an Asset (Equity or Debt) either in the form of the asset itself (the observable) or the cash equivalent.	rel:definition	1
payment place specification method	Selection of possible places to be specified for the payments in a Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
deposit account	an account that provides a record of money placed with a depository institution for safekeeping and management	rel:definition	1
fx spot contract	The rate of a foreign-exchange contract for immediate delivery. Also known as \"benchmark rates\", \"straightforward rates\" or \"outright rates\", spot rates represent the price that a buyer expects to pay for a foreign currency in another currency.	rel:definition	1
entity credit event	Some Credit Event which is defined with reference to the Reference Entity.	rel:definition	1
jpy libor frasett	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-LIBOR-FRASETT	rel:definition	1
options listing	A listing of an options instrument on a derivatives exchange. The listing is a product of the individual exchange.	rel:definition	1
individual investor	an investor that is a person, rather than an organization, who may or may not be considered a qualified investor from a legal perspective	rel:definition	1
industrial products sector	a classifier for a sector of the economy used for price indices focused on major commodities sold by manufacturers in Canada	rel:definition	1
joint borrower	Any additional borrower(s) whose name(s) appear on loan documents and whose income and credit history are used to qualify for the loan. Under this arrangement, all parties involved have an obligation to repay the loan. For mortgages, the names of applicable joint borrowers also appear on the property's title.	rel:definition	1
internally determined price spread	The spread determined internally within the organisation from information available at their own trading desks. Further Notes Internal prices within a bank would be determined by surveying their own traders. So e.g. corporate desk trades these 30 bonds, get the daily spreads on those at the end of the day and calculate the price. The traders determine the pricing during the based on market movements. (this is all for OTC traded bonds, not exchange traded bonds).	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor ztibor	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-ZTIBOR	rel:definition	1
czk annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CZK-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement right to termination following termination event	The Right to Terminate the Agreement Following some Termination Event.	rel:definition	1
constituent	Something which makes up part of a collection, formalized in terms of its existence as a member of that collection.	rel:definition	1
asset maximum or minimum payout commitment	A commitment to pay out on the maximum or minimum of a set of assets. Further Notes Maximum of n Assets This rainbow is similar to the best of n assets plus cash we referred to in part a, with the exception that no cash payoff is possible and there is a strike price for this type of option. The payoff of a call and put are given as: Rainbow-Call = max[0, max(S1, S2) - X] Rainbow-Put = max[0, X - max(S1, S2)] Minimum of n Assets The counterpart to a maximum of n assets, this rainbow pays out the value of the underperformer of the n assets. The payoff for minimum of 2 asset rainbow calls and puts are given as: Rainbow-Call = max[0, mainS1, S2) - X] Rainbow-Put = max[0, X - min(S1, S2)]	rel:definition	1
fund auditor	The party that is in charge of examining and verifying a fund's financial and accounting records as well as supporting documents and fulfilment of legal requirements. Definition origin:EFAMA DD	rel:definition	1
call schedule	a schedule that defines the events associated with the call feature of a debt instrument, i.e, the dates on which the debt instrument may be called (recalled) at what price by the issuer	rel:definition	1
call schedule	The list of dates on which a fixed-income security can be redeemed prior to maturity by the issuer; also includes the corresponding call prices.	rel:definition	1
quantity value	number and measurement unit together giving magnitude of a quantity	rel:definition	1
entity ownership context	the context of ownership by some party of an interest in some formal organization	rel:definition	1
municipal debt funds usage	official statement identifying the application of funds in connection with a new issue of municipal securities	rel:definition	1
validate conformance	The mortgage is automatically validated for conformance to the requirements of the pool in which it is to be included.	rel:definition	1
national securities identifying number registry	a registry used by a national numbering agency to manage the financial instrument identifiers and related information that it registers	rel:definition	1
auto loan abs	ABS issued by auto finance companies and are backed by underlying pools of auto-related loans or leases.	rel:definition	1
determined date	Date determined by some means or method at some time in the future, such as by applying roll rules to a business calendar.	rel:definition	1
pac tranche	Planned Amortization Class tranche which is also a Z tranche, that is Definition needed.	rel:definition	1
liability apportionment terms set	Terms setting out the apportionment of liabilities for debts or other liabilities accrued by some formal business organization.	rel:definition	1
scheduled calculation period start event	the start of a specific calculation period	rel:definition	1
credit basket reference constituent	A constituent of the credit basket.	rel:definition	1
eur isda libor swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-ISDA-LIBOR Swap Rate-11:00	rel:definition	1
tax allocation bond	A bond payable from the incremental increase in tax revenues realized from any increase in property value and other economic activity, often designed to capture the economic benefit resulting from a bond financing. Tax increment bonds, also known as tax allocation bonds, often are used to finance the redevelopment of blighted areas.	rel:definition	1
research statistics supervision discount identifier	a unique identifier assigned by the Federal Reserve to financial institutions	rel:definition	1
ultimate beneficial owner	The ultimate holders of the assets of a hierarchy of companies. These may be people or other legal entities.	rel:definition	1
electricity commodity	Electricity as a commodity.	rel:definition	1
organization credit rating	The credit rating of the organization. That is the creditworthiness of the organization as determined by a ratings agency. If the organization is the issuer of a security then this becomes the issuer rating for that security.	rel:definition	1
cash	Something that is widely accepted in payment for goods and services and in settling debts.	rel:definition	1
delivery terms	settlement terms specifying what (cash, an asset, etc.) is to be delivered when, to whom, under what conditions at the time of settlement	rel:definition	1
maturity equivalent psa	Prepayment speed that results in the same average life as that computed for the Collateralized Mortgage Obligation (CMO), Asset Backed Securities (ABS) or Mortgage Backed Securities (MBS) using the Maturity Prepay Model.	rel:definition	1
jpy tsr telerate	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TSR-Telerate-10:00	rel:definition	1
average monthly earnings	a measure of the average monthly wage an employee makes over the reporting period	rel:definition	1
kassa	Official declared price.	rel:definition	1
option guarantor	The Guarantor of an options security. This is the party that agreed to make good any losses incurred by the holder in the event of a default by the issuer.	rel:definition	1
claim	A claim by one party on another, which arises from the existence of a Commitment agreed upon between those parties or as implicitly agreed upon through the operation of Law or Constitution.	rel:definition	1
municipal entity	a polity that typically represents a city, township, or other administrative subdivision having corporate status and powers of self-government or jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
limited controlling party	Some individual entity which is able to direct the affairs of some business organization to a specific degree.	rel:definition	1
offer issue	An Issue of one or more securities of the same type, as all or part of an Offering of securities to the market.	rel:definition	1
isk reibor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for ISK-REIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
federal reserve district bank	a Federal Reserve district and member bank, with jurisdiction over a specific region of the US, named for the city in which the reserve bank is located	rel:definition	1
business rule	A rule which applies in some business context. Includes operations rules, regulatory rules and so on.	rel:definition	1
optional underlying transaction	A transaction which is defined in an options contract and which may or may not take place, at the discretion of the holder of the option. If it does take place, this will be a transaction for the purchase or sale of the deliverable underlying as defined in the option contract, or some cash equivalent thereof. Further notes: This is not any different from any other kind of derivatives transaction. The Transaction is still defined as the purchase and sale of the underlying even if it is cash settled. It is defined as the swap of the fixed price for the current market price. Would define a reference price for the current market price if it's not a physical settlement. Would for example define the use of a calculation agent. Scenarios: 1. Agree to cash settle even though the underlying is a deliverable 2. Agree to settle cash because it's difficult to get hold of the underlying 3. The underlying is by its nature not deliverable 4. Fx where the deliverable is a currency to cash delivery is synonymous with delivery of the underlying asset, so the underlying observable and the underlying deliverable are the same actual thing. How this is modeled: Cash \"Settlement\" (means cash delivery) is where you take cash instad of delivery of the underlying deliverable. Whatever is going to be delivered there is going to be a reverse transaction at the going market rate. That also covers the use of an index or basket as the underlying. Examples of this: IR Swap - not an Option.	rel:definition	1
debt fixed coupon terms set	Terms for payment of Interest on a Bond, where this pays a fixed rate of interest.	rel:definition	1
limited tax general obligation bond	A limited-tax general obligation pledge asks the issuing local government to raise property taxes if necessary to meet existing debt service obligations. However, this increase is bounded by a statutory limit. With limited-tax general obligation pledges, governments can still use a part of already-levied property taxes, use another stream of income, or raise property taxes to an amount equating to existing debt service payments to answer its debt obligations.	rel:definition	1
contractual product	a product that is realized as a contract	rel:definition	1
calendar specified interval	a RecurrenceInterval that is specified as the nth day of some CalendarPeriod (such as a calendar month), and a TimeDirection (forward from the beginning of the month, or backwards from the end).\n\nThe nth day is an ordinal number, not a cardinal number. '1' means the first day of the calendar period.	rel:definition	1
otc derivative transaction	a derivative transaction that is struck over the counter between two parties	rel:definition	1
pool	a combination of resources for a common purpose or benefit	rel:definition	1
call schedule listing	Schedule of dates on which a Traded Security can be Called (recalled) by the Issuer.	rel:definition	1
joint venture	A formal venture between two or more business entities	rel:definition	1
grain commodity	A commodity which is a kind of grain, such as wheat.	rel:definition	1
tool	Some physical object which is put to some purpose.	rel:definition	1
cdo deal	An Issue of a set of CDO tranches as part of an offering to the market.	rel:definition	1
swap stream interest rate reset schedule	parametric schedule of reset dates	rel:definition	1
agency mbs deal	An issue of securities backed by pools of mortgages held by government agencies.	rel:definition	1
birth certificate	an original document certifying the circumstances of the birth, or a certified copy of or representation of the ensuing registration of that birth	rel:definition	1
eur euribor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EURIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
commercial bank	a bank that provides services, such as accepting deposits, giving business loans and auto loans, mortgage lending, and basic investment products like savings accounts and certificates of deposit	rel:definition	1
sgd sibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
share option otc contract	An option in which the underlyer is a single publicly issued and traded share.	rel:definition	1
bond put redemption instruction	Early redemption of a bond at the election of the bondholder subject to the terms and condition of the issue.	rel:definition	1
urban consumers universe	a statistical universe for consumer expenditure surveys consisting of people within a household that make joint expenditure decisions	rel:definition	1
financial instrument	a written contract that gives rise to both a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity instrument of another entity	rel:definition	1
registered multilateral trading facility	a multilateral system operated by an investment firm or market operator, which brings together multiple third-party buying and selling interests in financial instruments in the system, in accordance with non-discretionary rules, in a way that results in a contract in accordance with the provisions of Title II of the MiFID II	rel:definition	1
right of credit record correction	The right to have a credit record corrected.	rel:definition	1
mortgage debt	Mortgage debt issued under a Mortgage Backed Security.	rel:definition	1
total return leg	A leg in which the total return on an asset is paid.	rel:definition	1
reporting entity	Some part of some company which is treated as a distinct entity internally for reporting purposes, but which externally is not a distinct kind of entity in any way.	rel:definition	1
idr sor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-SOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
customer identifier	an identifier for a customer	rel:definition	1
loan pool constituent	A loan constituent of a Loan Pool.	rel:definition	1
master credit facility	A pool of credit facilities is combined into a Master Credit Facility for more efficient management of credit.	rel:definition	1
commodity future	A futures contract tied to the movement of a particular commodity. This enables contract buyers to buy a specific amount of a commodity at a specific price on a particular date in the future.	rel:definition	1
usd libor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for USD-3M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
worthless security booking out	"Booking out of some worthless security by the Issuer. SWIFT:\""Booking out of valueless securities.\""	rel:definition	1
worthless security booking out	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/CAE/AboutCAE/CAESpecification>	<http://purl.org/dc/terms/isPartOf>	1
worthless security booking out	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/CAE/CorporateEvents/CorporateActionsEvents/WorthlessSecurityBookingOut>	rel:isDefinedBy	1
worthless security booking out	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
charge category	""a category indicating what a charge is for (e.g. closing costs, interest)"	rel:definition	1
other seniority equity	Equity which is neither the most senior nor the most junior. The precise terms under which this equity is held, and the definition of the call on the assets of the company in the event of it winding up, will be defined by the issuing company and are not modelled here as they may vary from one company to another. There may be more than one class of such equity issued by a company.	rel:definition	1
bonus rights issue	A Rights Issue in which the rights are given to the holders of the referenced shares for free.	rel:definition	1
energy transmission rights	Rights to the transmission of power across an electricity distribution network.	rel:definition	1
currency conversion service	a foreign exchange service involving the conversion of currency of one country or group of countries for another, typically, but not always, as a counter transaction	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap cme lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-6M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
corporate change of status event	Some change to the status of some security.	rel:definition	1
legally incorporated partnership	Any partnership which is defined as a legal person within a given jurisdiction, for example a limited liability partnership (if that is a legal person).	rel:definition	1
limited de facto control	The ability to direct the affairs of some entity within prescribed limits. Those limits are described in terms of activities which the entity holding such control may cause the controlled entity to carry out.	rel:definition	1
sar srior reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SAR-SRIOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement termination event	\"Termination Event\" means an Illegality, a Tax Event or a Tax Event Upon Merger or, if specified to be applicable, a Credit Event Upon Merger or an Additional Termination Event.	rel:definition	1
convention determined date	A Date which is or is to be determined according to some established or published convention for date determination.	rel:definition	1
formal offer	Event which is an offer to the holder or potential holder or other intersted party, to enter into a trade which is or would be legally binding on the part of the party making the offer (the offeror).	rel:definition	1
nok nibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for NOK-NIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
loan interest payment terms set	Contractual terms governing the payment of interest on the loan.	rel:definition	1
date determining agent	The agent which determines or is to determine the Determined Date.	rel:definition	1
bond coupon structure type	A set of contractual terms defining the interest payments for a coupon of a bond, beginning with terms describing stepped or conditional coupon structures if these exist.	rel:definition	1
company bylaw	The official rules and regulations which govern a corporation's management. Drawn up at the time of incorporation, along with the charter.	rel:definition	1
sharia law jurisdiction	A Jurisdiction in which a Shari'a system of law is in force.	rel:definition	1
reg	US Fed regulation \"Truth in Lending Act\" uniform standards for electronic delivery of disclosures	rel:definition	1
aud bbr bbsw bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-BBR-BBSW-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
listed bond	A security that is a bond and is traded on an exchange.	rel:definition	1
voting shareholding company	a formal business organization that holds voting shares in some incorporated company	rel:definition	1
bond exchange opening price	The value at the beginning of trading or opening of the market.	rel:definition	1
price spread	The difference between two prices.	rel:definition	1
protection seller	The party which sells protection against a default on the Reference Obligation, to the Protection Buyer. This party commits to purchase the Refernce Obligation or some agreed alternative (the Deliverable Obligation), or settle for an equivalent amount in cash, in the event that the Credit Event defined in the contract takes place.	rel:definition	1
corporation	a formal organization treated as an entity - an artificial person or legal entity distinct from its owners - created by or under the authority of the laws of a state or nation	rel:definition	1
physical location	A location in physical space	rel:definition	1
term structure	a structured collection of rates, such as interest rates, or bond yields with different terms to maturity, such that a yield curve may be constructed for the structure	rel:definition	1
contact purpose	a virtual address for communication via phone	rel:definition	1
postal address	a physical address where postal communications can be addressed, for any kind of organization or person	rel:definition	1
trust	A fiduciary relationship in which one party, known as a trustor, gives another party, the trustee, the right to hold title to property or assets for the benefit of a third party, the beneficiary.	rel:definition	1
dkk cibor dkna bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for DKK-CIBOR-DKNA13-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
principal payment calculation formula	A formula for calculation of principal payments.	rel:definition	1
payment schedule	a Schedule of amounts of principal and interest that are due over the term of the loan in order to fully pay off the obligation	rel:definition	1
corporate action obligation	An obligation related to the holding of a Security.	rel:definition	1
commodity business day type	When calculating the number of days between two dates the count includes only commodity business days.	rel:definition	1
financial wellbeing	The overall balance sheet and well being of the organisation.	rel:definition	1
frn coupon	Mechanism whereby an investor receives income from interest payments, which are usually made periodically. These are for a variable amount based on a specified Interest rate.	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap cme lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-3M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
market data	Data about financial instruments, that is published and may be used to support decision making or processing of financial instruments. Definition source: own definition.	rel:definition	1
regional government	an administrative body for a small geographic area, such as a county, smaller town, or other similar community	rel:definition	1
securitized debt interest	interest on debt that is the subject of a financial security	rel:definition	1
weighted average time to receipt of cashflows	The weighted average time to the receipt of cashflows for an instrument.	rel:definition	1
year	A Gregorian calendar year	rel:definition	1
amortization type	the basis for how a loan is to be repaid, i.e., the kind of (or style of) amortization will influence and potentially determine repayment terms over the lifetime of the loan	rel:definition	1
security identification scheme	a formal definition of the structure and application of a particular set of securities identifiers	rel:definition	1
variance leg terms	A return which is driven by a Variance Calculation. Variance of a single price (over time - how is this modeled? Is this the duration of the contract or some defined period or poeriods of time). The variance gets its time basis from the negotiated period in the contract, e.g. Variance over 3 months. Check: Is this always the duration of the contract or can it be for example a set of time scales (say monthly) ove the life of say a 6 month contract, and take an average?? This is logically possible but we don't know if this is what this is. FpML: A type describing return which is driven by a Variance Calculation. More notes 17 Mar Varianc v covariance Variance is a surrogate for option. Talks about random fluctuation in prices If you look at options theory (black scholes) then the price of an option is 1rily dependent in variation in the price. The more variable the more expensive ot maintain a portfolio that is indifferent to the next move in price. So this Variance Swap allows you to extract that option price (i.e. the variance as above) into the variability of the underlying price. So then the asset being traded is in fact the asset that the price references. context: This is all about controlling the price of an asset (from the point of view of the portfolio holder). similarly with the variance on an index you are picking up on the generic market stability. Recall that an index is controlling an underlying portfolio, but with the index you talk directly about the price (in an index swap), this gives you control of a portfolio that is represented by that index. Basket Swap is this - difference is agreed basket (Index, which has a publisher) versus Basket where the \"index\" (we don't call it that here) is a basket of securities.	rel:definition	1
reference	a concept that refers to (or stands in for) another concept	rel:definition	1
agent in role	An agent-in-role is a relative concept that ties an autonomous agent to a role they are playing in a given situational context.	rel:definition	1
securities issuance	The SPV is set up to issue securities.	rel:definition	1
bond action	Some action in relation to a bond, by the Issuer.	rel:definition	1
payee	a party to whom a debt should be paid, or to whose order a bill of exchange, note, or check is made payable	rel:definition	1
bond with warrant	A bond issue where the issue includes a Warrant attached. This need not be any specific type of bond.	rel:definition	1
early exercise commitment	The commitment to exercise the option ahead of the expiry date under given conditions as laid out in the Barrier Feature terms of the Option contract.	rel:definition	1
thb thbfix reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for THB-THBFIX-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
clearing participant	People who are members of the exchange who are allowed to clear the trades. There are various categories of entities which are participating in this full process: FTrading Member Clearing Member Entity which does both for itself (not professionally carrying out the clearing for other	rel:definition	1
equities single name basket	A basket of securities consisting only of equities securities (publicly issued and traded shares).	rel:definition	1
voting shareholder	a party owning voting shares in some company limited by the issue of shares	rel:definition	1
enterprise population	a statistical universe consisting of enterprises designed for the purposes of supporting surveys such as those used as the basis for employment and producer price indices	rel:definition	1
residual tranche	Unknown Further notes: Verify whether Residual Tranche and Support Tranche are meant to be in the same list of types as PAC etc. i.e. can a tranche not be PAC and Residual? this looks suspicioulsy like two semantics.	rel:definition	1
sector strategy	Strategy which is sector based.	rel:definition	1
securities combination or detachment	An event in which a security is split into separate securities or separate seucrities are combined into one security. Includes splits, detachments, attachments and so on.	rel:definition	1
non agency regular jump tranche	Regular non-Sticky Jump Z tranches maintain their changed status only while the trigger event is in effect, and revert to their old payment status once the trigger event has passed.	rel:definition	1
thb semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for THB-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
interest	the cost of using credit, or another's money, expressed as a rate per period of time, payable by a debtor to a creditor in consideration of the credit extended to the debtor	rel:definition	1
interest rate adjustment notification	"Definition as given refers to this notification (message) rather than the event itself. This is done for completeness, and sent out as a Notification by the Issuer or the Issuer's Agent. SWIFT Full definition: \""Announcement of the current coupon rate for a floating or adjustable rate security.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
interest rate adjustment notification	""Announcement of the current coupon rate for a floating or adjustable rate security."	rel:definition	1
applicant	The party making some application.	rel:definition	1
usd cd	the FpML floating interest index for USD-CD-H.15	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-OIS-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
investment firm	any legal person whose regular occupation or business is the provision of one or more investment services to third parties and/or the performance of one or more investment activities on a professional basis	rel:definition	1
asset repurchase agreement	A Repurchase Agreement defined from the point of view of the lender, where it is seen as an asset repo.	rel:definition	1
standardized futures listing terms set	Standard terms set out by the exchange which will apply to any listing of a futures contract on this exchange.	rel:definition	1
frn terms set	Terms setting out the interest payments determination and dates for Flating Rate Note interest.	rel:definition	1
dispersion swap index leg terms	The side of a dispersion swap which has a particular index as its underlying. Further notes: This is a leg of a dispersion swap, which is defined by the index itself. This may be set against the other leg which is made up of a defined part of that index. Review comment: aren't really legs.	rel:definition	1
when issued transaction	Trading in securities ahead of them being traded.	rel:definition	1
optional cash dividend event	Cash dividend with currency options. This is a dividend payment where payment is mandatorily in the form of Cash. The choice is what currency the cash is to be received in.	rel:definition	1
illegal cartel	A collection of companies that come together to manipulate the market in some way, e.g. price fixing	rel:definition	1
organization identifier	an identifier assigned to an organization within an organization identification scheme, and unique within that scheme	rel:definition	1
fund legal contract	For a fund which is constituted under the law of contract, the contract that embodies the fund legal form.	rel:definition	1
international law	The set of rules generally regarded and accepted as binding in relations between states and nations.	rel:definition	1
share price	The amount of money that is paid or could be paid for a share.	rel:definition	1
issuance process activity	An activity within the process of securities issuance.	rel:definition	1
information product	a product that is informational in nature, rather than physical	rel:definition	1
coupon schedule	Schedule for regular payment of Coupon Amounts.	rel:definition	1
usd ois bgcantor	the FpML floating interest index for USD-OIS-11:00-BGCANTOR	rel:definition	1
physical address	a physical address where communications can be addressed, papers served or representatives located for any kind of organization or person	rel:definition	1
price model specification	The specification of a price using a model.	rel:definition	1
measurement purpose	The purpose of measuring things.	rel:definition	1
credit facility	An option to borrow money. Defines the parameters in which you are able to draw down some amount as a loan, debt finance, or some other financial commitment.	rel:definition	1
international money market canadian dollar trading date rule	a trading date rule defined as the last trading day / expiration day of the Canadian Derivatives Exchange (Bourse do Montreal Inc.), three month Bankers' Acceptance Futures (Ticker symbol BAX), the second London banking day prior to the third Wednesday of the contract month	rel:definition	1
option writer commitment	Commitment on the part of the writer (issuing party) of the Option.	rel:definition	1
synthetic debt instrument pool	A cash flow structure which synthesizes the behavior of a portfolio of debt securities. For example a synthesized portfolio of CDO / Bonds / ABS using Total Returns Swaps and CDS. This does exist, it is just manufactured from different instruments.	rel:definition	1
investment based de facto control	Control which arises through some investment in some entity, other than as the holding of constitutional equity (shares etc.) in that entity.	rel:definition	1
futures contract underlying	An underlying which is a futures contract.	rel:definition	1
eurodollar deposit	A US dollar deposit or other currency deposit made outside the US or the country that issues that currency.	rel:definition	1
issue securities	The issue contains the details of the security/securities that are brought out by an Issuer in an Offering. An issue is a part of the Offering. An issue contains all securities of the same sub issue type for an Issuer as part of it.	rel:definition	1
payment	delivery of money in fulfillment of an obligation, such as to satisfy a claim or debt	rel:definition	1
public private issue facet	Classification facet.	rel:definition	1
instant determination	The determination or adjustment of some instant according to some rule.	rel:definition	1
accrued liability	Liability which has been incurred by the entity and is yet to be paid off.	rel:definition	1
credit ok	Not defaulted.	rel:definition	1
cds contingent transaction	The transaction which takes place in the event that the specified Credit Event in a Credit default Swap takes place. Deifnition Origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
rate based observable	a non-physical observable value, such as an interest rate, market rate, economic indicator, statistical measure calculated over some collection of indices, or some other rate that is readily observable in the world	rel:definition	1
legal restriction	a securities restriction that is mandated by law or regulation	rel:definition	1
partnership agreement	a document setting up a partnership, giving the details of the business and the amount each partner is contributing to it.	rel:definition	1
listino	only associated with a closing price	rel:definition	1
loan pool prepayment model	Model of the prepayments of loans in a pool of individual loans, such as a mortgage pool or loan pool.	rel:definition	1
funds processing account	An account used specifically in the processing of funds. Like all accounts this is (per FIBIM definition) a business relationship between two entities; one entity is the account owner, the other entity is the account servicer. Please refer to Financial global model for treatment of accounts relationships in this model.	rel:definition	1
sgd sonar ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for SGD-SONAR-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
current value	The value at the current point in time.	rel:definition	1
mortgage loan appraiser	That party which appraises the borrower for the purposes of the loan.	rel:definition	1
underwriter	any person who has purchased from an issuer with a view to, or sells for an issuer in connection with, the distribution of any security, or participates or has a direct or indirect participation in any such undertaking, or participates or has a participation in the direct or indirect underwriting of any such undertaking; but such term shall not include a person whose interest is limited to a commission from an underwriter or dealer not in excess of the usual and customary distributor's or seller's commission	rel:definition	1
fund classification scheme	A published scheme for the category of a fund according to the asset class.	rel:definition	1
depositary bank	A bank which is set up and authorized to issue Depositary Receipts.	rel:definition	1
formal statement	Some formal written communication, setting out the position of some party or parties about some matter.	rel:definition	1
idr jibor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-JIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
organization	a unique framework of authority within which a person or persons act, or are designated to act, towards some purpose, such as to meet a need or pursue collective goals on a continuing basis	rel:definition	1
voting right	The right of a stockholder to vote on matters of corporate policy as well as on who is to compose the board of directors.	rel:definition	1
partnership with only limited partners	a partnership having limited partners but no general partners	rel:definition	1
default rate	The rate at which holders of loans in the pool default on those loans.	rel:definition	1
subordinated voting right	Subordinated Voting. Action: this is a self-referential non definition, from ISO FIBIM.	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle	a lifecycle specific to a product or product family	rel:definition	1
penalty interest balance applicability	Selection of types of balance to which pre-payment interest penalties may be applied.	rel:definition	1
individual unilateral commitment	a commitment made by some party unilaterally to another specific party	rel:definition	1
mixed basket	a basket that has a mix of constituents, including securities and indices	rel:definition	1
swap paying party	a swap party responsible for making payments for a given leg of the transaction as defined in the contract	rel:definition	1
debt issuance purpose	Purpose for the Issuance of a Debt Security. Also defines processes to be followed in some instances.	rel:definition	1
grd athibor athibor	the FpML floating interest index for GRD-ATHIBOR-ATHIBOR	rel:definition	1
savings association	A savings association is defined as: (a) any Federal savings association, where a Federal savings association means any Federal savings association or Federal savings bank which is chartered under section 1464 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act; (b) any State savings association, where a State savings association means any building and loan association, savings and loan association, or homestead association; or any cooperative bank (other than a cooperative bank which is a State bank as defined in subsection (a)(2)) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, which is organized and operating according to the laws of the State (as defined in subsection (a)(3)) in which it is chartered or organized; and (c) any corporation (other than a bank) that the Board of Directors and the Comptroller of the Currency jointly determine to be operating in substantially the same manner as a savings association.	rel:definition	1
contract part	A formal part of a contract such as a clause or term.	rel:definition	1
consent granted	Vote to approve the event or proposal. SWIFT: CONY	rel:definition	1
prospectus part	A part or section of a prospectus for a securities issue.	rel:definition	1
direct expense	Cost of Sales	rel:definition	1
credit score factor	something that is taken into account when determining a CreditScore	rel:definition	1
return swap transaction	The transaction of a total Return Swap. This is the transaction in which the return on some asset is exchanged for some agreed payment or series of payments.	rel:definition	1
twd taibir	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-TAIBIR02	rel:definition	1
underlying valuation	The act of valuation of the underlying on some OTC Derivative.	rel:definition	1
cny quarterly repo non deliverable swap rate tradition reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-Quarterly 7 day Repo Non Deliverable Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
tac tranche	Targeted Amortization Class. This is related to a PAC tranche and has a payment schedule geared towards a specified prepayment speed (called the pricing speed). Agency CMO	rel:definition	1
debt guarantor	Some party which insures lenders against loss due to a borrower's default, death, disability, or bankruptcy.	rel:definition	1
local operating unit	a registration authority that issues legal entity identifiers and is authorized by the Global LEI Foundation to do so	rel:definition	1
derivative instrument	a financial instrument that confers on its holders certain rights or obligations, whose value is derived from one or more underlying assets	rel:definition	1
forward rate agreement	Definition needed.	rel:definition	1
defined conditions payout commitment	A commitment which is only made when certain defined conditions are met. Further notes: Like all contractual commitments, the details of the commitment (and in this case, the conditions) are defined in the corresponding Contractual Terms. These set out what the commitment is and what the conditions are under which it is to be met. Term introduced in order to support digital and other exotic options. Note this is similar to but distinct from commitments where the specific nature of the commitment (typically a cashflow) is defined by resolving some mathematical formula i.e. where the commitment to do something is not conditional but the precise monetary amounts (payment, settlement) are.	rel:definition	1
credit event	An event which has some bearing on the credit worthiness of the Reference Entity.	rel:definition	1
allotment right holder	The party which is the holder of an allotment right. This is identified as being a party which is also an existing holder of the security identified as the underlying security.	rel:definition	1
debt instrument	a financial instrument evidencing a contractual obligation by the issuer to the holder to pay cash or deliver some other asset on terms as specified	rel:definition	1
commodities spot contract	The contract defined for or implied in a Commodities spot transaction.	rel:definition	1
otc derivative contract	an over-the-counter agreement that is also a derivative instrument	rel:definition	1
duration	A length of time, whether known or unknown	rel:definition	1
duration	an interval of time of some specific length	rel:definition	1
zero coupon bond call	Call of a Zero Coupon bond.	rel:definition	1
usd ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for USD-OIS-4:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
dividend adjustment period	A period used to calculate the Deviation between Expected Dividend and Actual Dividend in that Period.	rel:definition	1
signatory	Some agent who has the capacity to sign contracts on the part of some legal person	rel:definition	1
number	A number is a mathematical object used to count, label, and measure.	rel:definition	1
government official	a person elected or appointed to administer some aspect of a government	rel:definition	1
krw cd ksda bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for KRW-CD-KSDA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
fund depositary	The party that holds and safeguards holdings owned by a fund. It is also responsible for compliance of the portfolio with legal ratios etc.	rel:definition	1
explicit interest amount calculation event	the explicit representation of the calculation event in a given period, in which an interest payment is calculated based on the rate (fixed or floating) and the notional amount (in the payment currency, and factored for Fx if necessary), on a given date	rel:definition	1
automated system	a system that reduces or eliminates the need for human involvement in order to complete a task.	rel:definition	1
variable determination method	The way in which some variable amount, quantity or value is determined or is to be determined.	rel:definition	1
bond continuous call type	bond may be called at any time	rel:definition	1
debt issue over allotment terms	Terms for Change to an Issue Amount for Debt securities	rel:definition	1
non agency jump tranche	A Jump Z tranche is like a Z tranche but if there is some sort of trigger event reached then the holders of the Jump Z tranche will begin to receive payments. Regular non-Sticky Jump Z tranches maintain their changed status only while the trigger event is in effect, and revert to their old payment status once the trigger event has passed.	rel:definition	1
stockholders equity	equity held in a concern by stockholders	rel:definition	1
securities underwriting issuance	Underwriting, as a method of Securities Issuance.	rel:definition	1
price exchange specification	The specification of a price in terms of the exchange of some quantity of some item of value in return for some quantity of the item so priced. That is, a simple price or exchange ratio which specifies the amount of an asset that will be exchanged for another asset;	rel:definition	1
business calendar code	The Calendar for a particular business center, which defines what are the working days in that center.	rel:definition	1
cbo deal	An issue of Collateralized Bond Obligation notes.	rel:definition	1
floating rate fixing value	value of floating interest rate amount during a given calculation period, along with the relevant parameters in its calculation	rel:definition	1
auto loan	A loan specifically for the purpose of automobile purchase.	rel:definition	1
krw quarterly annual swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for KRW-Quarterly Annual Swap Rate-3:30-ICAP	rel:definition	1
loan prepayment terms set	Terms governing prepayments of the principal on a loan by the borrower.	rel:definition	1
contract clause	A set of contractual terms, grouped according to subject, intent or the type of rights and / or obligations to which it refers.	rel:definition	1
capability	A capability represents the ability to perform a particular type of work and may involve people with particular skills and knowledge, intellectual property, defined practices, operating facilities, tools and equipment.	rel:definition	1
capability	The ability of a thing to do or have done to it	rel:definition	1
jpy ois icap	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-OIS-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
temporal value	a single value representing some kind of time, including multiply occurring time values	rel:definition	1
interest calculation expression	How the Formula is expressed i.e. the Right Hand Side of the Formula. This has separate parameters for Base and Margin. The overall Expression is not modeled but may be additionally described in a free form text field.	rel:definition	1
ordinary share yield	The return on an equity instrument investment.	rel:definition	1
hkd quarterly annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-Quarterly-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
bond equivalent yield	Yield determined on an equivalent basis to the yield of another bond. This is used to be able to realistically compare prices between debt instruments across different markets.	rel:definition	1
bermuda exercise convention	A feature of an option that states it can be exercised at different times during the life of the option. The various times set for exercise are written within the option and allow for flexibility for both the writer and holder of the option.	rel:definition	1
factor calculation formula	Formula for the determination of some variable factor which is then used in subsequent calculations. The result of such a formula is a parameter referred to by another formula.	rel:definition	1
region	Some area of land, either within a country or state or encompassing several countries and states, and referred to as a Region for some purpose or other.	rel:definition	1
mortgage indemnity insurance policy	The physical policy for the Mortgage Indemnity Guaranty.	rel:definition	1
cash disbursement response message	"SWIFT: Term: \""Cash\"" Definition: \""Distribution of cash to holders.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
cash disbursement response message	""Notification of response opting to take cash."	rel:definition	1
company warrant	Warrants which are issued by the issuer of the underlying.	rel:definition	1
japanese simple yield calculation method	No definition.Term put here from memory. 02 Dec changed from Japanese Yield to Japanese Simple Yield. note hat Japanese Compound yield also here (from FIBIM or anothe rlist, added 25 nov with the rest).	rel:definition	1
credit evaluation product	a particular kind of credit evaluation	rel:definition	1
closing price determination method	The way in which a price is determined, usually by an exchange or trading venue, for example when publishing a closing price.	rel:definition	1
unit issuer	The party which issues the Fund Unit.	rel:definition	1
obligation credit event	An event which relates specifically to an individual security issued by the Reference Entity (the Reference Obligation).	rel:definition	1
raw materials sector	a classifier used for price indices related to raw materials purchased by industries in Canada for further processing	rel:definition	1
usd prime	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Prime-H.15	rel:definition	1
partial call feature	These are terms whereby the issuer can recall part of the issue on scheduled dates but there is no specific amount defined for those dates. Consenus:Yes	rel:definition	1
credit institution	an undertaking the business of which is to take deposits or other repayable funds from the public and to grant credits for its own account, and to which authorisation has been granted to operate within the European Union and European Economic Area countries (EEA)	rel:definition	1
trade lifecycle	a lifecycle that defines the evolution of a trade, from initiation through settlement	rel:definition	1
municipal note	A short-term obligation of an issuer to repay a specified principal amount on a certain date, together with interest at a stated rate, usually payable from a defined source of anticipated revenues. Notes usually mature in one year or less, although notes of longer maturities are also issued.	rel:definition	1
cash dividend event	Distribution of cash to shareholders, in proportion to their equity holding. Ordinary dividends are recurring and regular. Shareholder must take cash and is not offered a choice in the form of distribution.	rel:definition	1
opton adjusted yield	NB specified as a spread. synonym: OAS Based on different Int Rate paths. There are different OAS models just like there are different Yield methods. Also would make reference to the Yield Curve - but these are parameters that go into that model. Limit this model at the point where it distinguishes the difference between things - we are not in a position to mathematically model the things themselves, just capture the basic facts.	rel:definition	1
credit trade line	an information product derived from the transaction history of a credit account	rel:definition	1
next call	The next call of the issue, as at the current time.	rel:definition	1
futures commodity underlying	A negotiable commodity as the underlying of a Futures contract.	rel:definition	1
cash balance	A balance of cash. This is identified as an amount of cash which is denominated with a currency.	rel:definition	1
step date	The date from which the next set of coupon terms specified in the Step Schedule takes effect.	rel:definition	1
commercial paper issuer	Any entity that issues Commercial Paper. This includes corporations but the Special Purpose Entities that issue Asset Backed Commercial Paper (ABCP) and some mutual funds also issue CP. Can also be a banks, an institution, pretty much anything. There are no hard and fast criteria for this. Therefore this is defined as being any kind of Organization or any kind of Government.	rel:definition	1
portfolio	a collection of investments (financial assets) such as stocks, bonds and cash equivalents, as well as mutual funds	rel:definition	1
interest rate	an amount charged, expressed as a percentage of principal, by a lender to a borrower for the use of assets	rel:definition	1
numeric index	the change in some aggregate relative to the value of the aggregate at a reference period	rel:definition	1
employment situation establishment survey	a survey conducted on a regular basis that presents analytical information related to the labor force of a given statistical area, surveyed with respect to businesses, and is, for the most part, seasonally adjusted	rel:definition	1
material amount	A qualified amount of some continuous substance or some thing measured in units. Material Amount is always qualified by some unit in which the substance is measured.	rel:definition	1
bond exchange last price	The last (or most recent) valuation.	rel:definition	1
sovereign state	a nonphysical juridical entity that is represented by one centralized government that has sovereignty over a geographic area	rel:definition	1
settlement date rule	a rule for determining dates by reference to some calendar or specification of settlement dates	rel:definition	1
call feature	a redemption provision defining the schedule and price of redemption prior to maturity	rel:definition	1
establishment employment	the total number of persons who work in or for the establishment including working proprietors, active business partners and unpaid family workers, as well as persons working outside the establishment when paid by and under the control of the establishment, for example, sales representatives, outside service engineers and repair and maintenance personnel	rel:definition	1
employment situation household survey	a survey conducted on a regular basis that presents analytical information related to the labor force of a given statistical area, surveyed with respect to households, and is, for the most part, seasonally adjusted	rel:definition	1
electronic price determination method	Other price determination method. More information required.	rel:definition	1
business entity	an entity that is formed and administered as per commercial law in order to engage in business activities	rel:definition	1
scrip dividend	Dividend paid in the form of scrip (temporary certificate) which represents the company's promise to pay a cash dividend. Occurs when earnings are sufficient but issuer wishes to conserve cash holdings. Shareholders are not offered a choice.	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-11:00	rel:definition	1
geographical feature	Some named physical location on Earth, identified geographically such as a specific land area, city or geographical feature. Scope Note: This is usually an alternative way of describing some geophysical extent or location, for example describing a city as a city as distinct from describing the physical extent of that city. Many concepts may therefore extend from this and from Geophysical or Geospatial concepts. For many purposes, modelers may ignore this class. Scope Note: This differs from Geophysical Location in that may include geographical features identified as points on the Earth's surface, or as linear features such as rivers and shorelines.	rel:definition	1
influence based de facto control	Some influence and control over some entity other than by means of investment in that entity.	rel:definition	1
forward cash settlement commitment	A commitment to settle a cash amount at an agreed date in the future.	rel:definition	1
premium payer	The party responsible for making the payment of an Equity Option Premium.	rel:definition	1
legal capacity	the capacity to carry out certain actions or to have certain rights	rel:definition	1
commodity return leg	Return on the value of an underlying commodity.	rel:definition	1
corporate bond	A debt security issued by a corporation, as opposed to those issued by a government or municipality.	rel:definition	1
drip	A kind of financial contract.	rel:definition	1
cny cnrepofix cfxs reuters	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-CNREPOFIX=CFXS-Reuters	rel:definition	1
fund investor type	The type of party that is eligible to invest in a fund.	rel:definition	1
inherent potential	The inherent potential to be able do a thing. This is the capability of acquiring the ability to do a thing. Further Notes The synonym \"Capacity\" for this concept is itself is a homonym of Capacity in the sense of the cubic capacity of some vessel. The thing this is a capability of, is the act of learning or acquiring some other ability.	rel:definition	1
registered security	a security that is registered with some registration authority and that may be traded in some trading venue (market)	rel:definition	1
business site	An address from which a business entity carries out its business, such as a shop or offices. This is the address which is generally shown on advertising by that company.	rel:definition	1
lien guaranty	Guaranty takes the form of a lien, that is a creditor's claim against property, eg, a mortgage is a lien against a house.	rel:definition	1
worthless	Announcement by the regulator that the security has become worthless.	rel:definition	1
medium term note	A Medium Term Note is a Negotiable debt instrument offered under a program agreement through one or more dealers upon request of the Issuer. The Program defines the terms and conditions of the notes. An MTN issue is defined by the fact that the registration doesn't have a pre-defined maturity.	rel:definition	1
other investment fund information	Things which are not part of the prospectus but are important if you want to understand the fund.	rel:definition	1
cash securities delivery	Delivery of a security in cash	rel:definition	1
proprietary security identification scheme	a security identification scheme published by a data provider or other commercial entity	rel:definition	1
corporate modification event	Some change in details of some company, which needs to be described for publicly issued securities issued by that company.	rel:definition	1
lender	a party that extends credit or money to a borrower with the expectation of being repaid, usually with interest	rel:definition	1
form	Written information entered into a physical document or a computer application containing information entered by a person.	rel:definition	1
zar prime average reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-PRIME-AVERAGE-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
municipal trustee	A financial institution with trust powers, designated by the issuer or borrower, that acts, pursuant to a bond contract, in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the bondholders in enforcing the terms of the bond contract. In many cases, the trustee also acts as custodian, paying agent, registrar and/or transfer agent for the bonds	rel:definition	1
negative pledge	Guaranty whereby the issuer will not pledge any assets if doing so would result in less security for the investors.	rel:definition	1
chf libor swap eurex lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-3M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
publisher	a party responsible for the printing or distribution of digital or printed information	rel:definition	1
repo lender	The lender in the repurchase agreement.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap cme lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-6M EURIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
current equity status	Information about the status of the equity at a given point in time.	rel:definition	1
regulatory report	a report required to support operational transparency that demonstrates compliance with some specification, law, policy, restriction, or other rule specified by a regulatory agency	rel:definition	1
aud bbr bbsw	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-BBR-BBSW	rel:definition	1
partner	a member of a partnership	rel:definition	1
market correlation risk party	A party which is party to some undue dependency in their market of operation, such as undue reliance of a particular market sector for their economic survival.	rel:definition	1
published information	Information put into the public domain by some party or sold at a profit.	rel:definition	1
twd taibir	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-TAIBIR01	rel:definition	1
contractual control	Control vested in an entity by virtue of the terms in some contract between that entity and others.	rel:definition	1
corporate action holder response	Response by the Holder of a security, to a previous Offer made by the Issuer.	rel:definition	1
swap lifecycle event	an event that occurs during the lifecycle of a swap, where the overall set of events includes those specific to the issuer, front office, middle office, and/or back office processes	rel:definition	1
cp typical duration description	The formal description of the typical period of time which is the mayturity of a Commercial Paper instrument.	rel:definition	1
significant shareholding company	a company that owns a significant voting stake in another company	rel:definition	1
junior equity priority terms set	The precise terms which define the seniority of this class of Equity. This is equity which has the lowest call on the assets of the issuer in the event of it being wound up, i.e. after Senior Equity and (if issued) other classes of equity.	rel:definition	1
note stake in fund	A stake held in a fund by way of a note.	rel:definition	1
scheduled calculation period end event	the end date of a specific calculation period	rel:definition	1
retained earnings	the portion of net income which is retained by the corporation rather than distributed to its owners as dividends	rel:definition	1
credit facility tranche	An individual tranche of the Credit Facility. This is the maximal amount of credit that can be extended to the potential borrower for the stated purpose.	rel:definition	1
pool backed security issuer	The issuer of a Pool Backed Security. This may be an Asset Backed Security, Mortgage Backed Security or CDO.	rel:definition	1
application information	A formal application by some party to some other party, in which the requesting party sets out some requirement which they request to be fulfilled by the other party.	rel:definition	1
potential muni underwriter	An intermediary between an issuer of a security and the investing public. An underwriter can either be DTC Participant or Correspondent who would clear the underwriting deal using the Crediting Participant.	rel:definition	1
policy	A high-level overall plan embracing the general goals and acceptable procedures especially of a governmental body Further notes: A policy defines the requirements and constraints for a strategy in which some entity pursues some goals.	rel:definition	1
put feature	a redemption provision giving the holder the right, but not the obligation, to sell a specified amount of the debt instrument (i.e., redeem it), prior to maturity	rel:definition	1
eur isda euribor swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-ISDA-EURIBOR Swap Rate-12:00	rel:definition	1
equity forward contract	Definition needed	rel:definition	1
publisher	An organization (such as a publishing house) which makes information. available.	rel:definition	1
bond with partial call	A bond with a feature whereby the issue can be partially called for amounts that are at the discretion of the issuer.	rel:definition	1
cdo squared deal	An issue of CDO Squared notes.	rel:definition	1
floating point value	A floating point representation of a number. Note that this class is not intended to be used directly (in these cases use xsd:double) but is intended to be subclassed with values with business semantic intent.	rel:definition	1
loan mig provider	Mortgage Indemnity Guaranty (MIG) provider. Further notes: SME Review notes 16 Sept: Guaranty - mortgage insurance e.g. insure up to 80% exposure. When you get into indemnification, then for instance if the product doesn't meet the investor's requirement such that if it doesn't get paid then the lender steps in and takes the hit for the loan - this is usually a precondition for securitizing (issuing) the loan in a pool. If the loan is not going to be sold on the secondary market there would be no need to indemnify that loan so this term would not apply. Indemnification is insurance for the investor, while the lender is the one providing that indemnification.	rel:definition	1
bond option underlying transaction	A transaction which is defined in a bond option contract and which may or may not take place, at the discretion of the holder of the option. If it does take place, this will be a transaction for the purchase or sale of the deliverable underlying (in this case a bond) as defined in the option contract.	rel:definition	1
credit card abs	These are generally issued by a bank and backed by largely unsecured obligations owed by individuals to the issuer of the card. Definition origin:CESR	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-OIS-10:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
jurisdiction strategy	Strategy which is jurisdiction based.	rel:definition	1
extension provision	contract terms that specify the conditions under which a contract can be extended	rel:definition	1
bond future underlying	The Bond which is the underlying instrument of a Bond Future contract.	rel:definition	1
bond future	A future instrument where the underlying is a bond.	rel:definition	1
notifying party	The party which is able to issue formal notices indicating that a Credit Event has taken place, by means of a credit event notice.	rel:definition	1
consumer credit reference agency	Applicable regulations: vary by jurisdiciton. for example, only being allowed ot divulge actual judgements against a party, but not things that are not substantiated by judgements. For example, slow payments which are not covered by some judgement against the party. There will be different regulatory requirments about: 1. What the CR Agency can hold 2. Who they can divulge it to 3. What information they must provide the borrower at his/her request Some of the third thing there is covered in the EU the Data Protection Directive and local acts that implement this.	rel:definition	1
bank holding company	any company that owns and/or has direct or indirect control of one or more banks; BHCs may also own nonbanking subsidiaries such as broker-dealers and asset managers	rel:definition	1
derivatives exchange	Exchange where futures contracts and options on futures contracts are traded.	rel:definition	1
contractual transaction obligation	An obligation which is one perspective on a commitment which is both a contractual commitment and a transaction-related economic commitment.	rel:definition	1
usd bma municipal swap index	the FpML floating interest index for USD-BMA Municipal Swap Index	rel:definition	1
physical asset	A Physical Thing held by some party and having some value.	rel:definition	1
self regulating organization	a non-governmental organization that has the power to create and exercise some degree of regulatory authority over an industry or profession in some country or group of countries	rel:definition	1
attachment action	The combination of different security types to create a unit. Units are usually comprised of warrants and bond or warrants and equity. Securities may be combined at the request of the security holder or based on market convention. Further NOtes: is there some common term for these (see Detachment event)?; Are there separate scenarios for attachment of different kinds of security. Definition says \"usually\" Warrant. Probably applies to any fungible securities, whether or not warrants. For example two fungible tranches of a debt issues, that are funged later on in their life. Are these ever notified differently or have different details for warrants, fungible debt etc.? No. the message can relate to any, and the event defined here can be defined in terms of \"any\" securities.	rel:definition	1
jpy stpr quoting banks	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-STPR-Quoting Banks	rel:definition	1
occurrence	An Occurrence is a happening of an OccurrenceKind. Each Occurrence has a DateTimeStamp, which identifies when the Occurrence happened, and a Location (possibly virtual), that identifies where the Occurrence happened.	rel:definition	1
dkk cibor dkna	the FpML floating interest index for DKK-CIBOR-DKNA13	rel:definition	1
debt finance	Funds loaned or extended from one party to another for some purpose. Further notes: This is a loan or a debt security principal amount. This term is distinguished from \"Debt\" or \"Credit\" in that the latter are balances at a point in time; however it is also referred to as debt for example in debt securities, since a loaned or securitized amount constitutes a debt when it is advanced (and ceases to constitute a debt when it is paid off). As such, this usually has interest payable and may have collateral. In Islamic products there is no interest. This may be a loan (realized as a draw-down on a credit facillity) or it may be a debt set up as part of the issuance of a debt security.	rel:definition	1
debt redenomination	Event by which the unit (currency and/or nominal) of a debt is restated, eg, a debt in a national currency unit is restated in euro.	rel:definition	1
chf saron ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-SARON-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
debt yield to average life	The yield achieved by substituting a bond's average life for the issue's final maturity date.	rel:definition	1
federal state	a self-governing geopolitical unit which forms part of a wider geopolitical unit that is recognized as a country	rel:definition	1
unemployed population	a subset of the civilian labor force that is considered to have had no employment but was available for work, except for temporary illness, and had made specific efforts to find employment sometime during a specified period, during the reporting period	rel:definition	1
cad tbill isdd	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-TBILL-ISDD	rel:definition	1
creditor	a party to whom an obligation, such as an amount of money, or good, or performance of some service exists	rel:definition	1
licensed agent	any individual who is licensed to perform a legally binding function, and who has been legally empowered to act on behalf of another party	rel:definition	1
otc bond option	Definition needed.	rel:definition	1
loan early prepayment terms	Terms governing the prepayment in full of a loan early in the life of that loan.	rel:definition	1
conversion suspension notification	Suspensiion of conversion of securities generally a couple of weeks before a meeting takes place. SWIFT = SCOP	rel:definition	1
rights distribution notification	Notification of the distribution of rights to shareholders, in proportion to their equity holding.	rel:definition	1
projected coupon payment value	Projected Coupon amount, along with parameters defining when and how this is projected.	rel:definition	1
corporate event or action communication	Communication about an event, action or status. Further Notes Includes name changes, consent (communication only) and others. Pre marketing agreements and so on. Note: some of these are very data driven, some are not. General meetings and so on.	rel:definition	1
cad ba isdd	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-BA-ISDD	rel:definition	1
multilateral trading facility	a trading system that facilitates the exchange of financial instruments between multiple parties	rel:definition	1
for profit corporation	a corporation whose objective is to make money, in other words, to ensure realization of a financial benefit such that the amount of revenue gained from a business activity exceeds the expenses, costs and taxes needed to sustain that activity	rel:definition	1
php phiref reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for PHP-PHIREF-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
skk bribor bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for SKK-BRIBOR-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
industry sector classifier	a standardized classification or delineation for an organization, or possibly for a security representing an interest in a given organization, per some scheme for such delineation, by industry	rel:definition	1
corporate action securities delivery obligation	Some obligation to deliver some security in the thr context of corporate actions. All cash proceeds and security proceeds can be represented a s acontractual obligation. Where does that obligation arise? Usually in the Contract itself - but there may be other answers to this. Defines what has to be delivered. or paid. Entitlement meanwhile is a calculation based on the Contract.	rel:definition	1
market	a market is a venue that allows buyers and sellers of goods, commodities, services, etc. to conduct business, including markets where securities may be traded	rel:definition	1
collateralized debt	Debt issued under some Security, with some Collateral.	rel:definition	1
otc interest rate option	An option that tracks the cap and floor of an underlying interest rate.	rel:definition	1
municipal debt obligor	A party having a financial obligation or arrangement to make the payment of all or part of debt service on municipal securities. The obligor is often the issuer but may be a conduit borrower of municipal securities proceeds.	rel:definition	1
contractual relationship	A relationship in which two or more parties have some contractual obligations or extend some rights under a contract, to one another.	rel:definition	1
investment strategy	A plan, method, or series of maneuvers or stratagems for obtaining a specific investment goal.	rel:definition	1
credit inquiry	a request from a lender to a credit repository to obtain information regarding a prospective borrower's creditworthiness	rel:definition	1
family office	a family office as defined in the relevant legislation	rel:definition	1
eur basis swap eonia eur ibor swap rates icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR Basis Swap-EONIA vs 3m EUR+IBOR Swap Rates-A/360-10:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
micropolitan statistical area	one or more adjacent counties or county equivalents that have at least one urban core area of at least 10,000 population but less than 50,000, plus adjacent territory that has a high degree of social and economic integration with the core as measured by commuting ties	rel:definition	1
credit event notice	An irrevocable written or verbal notice that describes a credit event that has occurred.	rel:definition	1
loan market category	a category indicating the market domain in which the loan product is offered	rel:definition	1
business recurrence interval convention	a convention for modeling recurring days, such as the end of the month, a particular day of the month, a day of the week, or more specifically, a t-bill auction date	rel:definition	1
fund investment objective	The aim of a Fund e.g outperfom a given benchmark.	rel:definition	1
debt instrument pool analytic	A measure of some aspect of the behaviour or a pool of securitized debt i.e. a pool of debt instruments. Futher Notes: Nothing defined under this yet. We have analytics for pools of individual debt products (mortgages, loans, auto loans), but not the equivalent sorts of terms implied for a securitixed debt pool. Presumably these would be aggregate terms similar or equivalent to analytics for debt instruments, such as yield, average live, convixity and so on. As such these would be similar to porfolio analytics (not modeled).	rel:definition	1
equity exchange published price	A price determined by and published by an exchange, based on some parameters applied to actual prices of trades or offers on that exchange during the present day or to the present time. Question: do the ECNs have all these as well? Note that some of these kinds of price (e.g. High Low), may also exist for the Market as a whole - these are a separate meaning.	rel:definition	1
lifecycle stage	a phase in a lifecycle	rel:definition	1
option daily settlement price	The official price at the end of a trading session. This price is established by The Options Clearing Corporation and is used to determine changes in account equity, margin requirements, and for other purposes.	rel:definition	1
rate	The rate of change of some measurable parameter over some period of time.	rel:definition	1
rate	a quantity measured with respect to some other quantity	rel:definition	1
payment history	a record of actual payments of principal, interest, and other related amounts made by a borrower to a lender or servicer in order to fulfill their re-payment obligation	rel:definition	1
account receivable balance	Balance of accounts receivable	rel:definition	1
publicly issued debt	an issued debt in the form of a tradable debt instrument (security)	rel:definition	1
knock out	An option which ceases to exist if the knock-out event occurs. A knock out happens when a particular level is hit (like the Swiss franc touching the level of 1.10 against the dollar), when the option ceases to exist.	rel:definition	1
business day type	When calculating the number of days between two dates the count includes only business days.	rel:definition	1
financial asset	An asset consisting of one or more financial instruments, treated as an asset	rel:definition	1
fixed float interest rate swap	an interest rate swap in which fixed interest payments on the notional are exchanged for floating interest payments	rel:definition	1
lending goal	Reasons for extending loans and credit, i.e. the organisation has a goal to create capital growth by extending credit or making loans.	rel:definition	1
shares distribution event	The distribution of shares in response to the exercise of some rights.	rel:definition	1
contractual economic agreement	An economic agreement forming part of a transaction, which has contractual standing as evidenced by a contract between the two parties to the Agreement.	rel:definition	1
measurement unit	a quantity, defined and adopted by convention, with which any other quantity of the same kind can be compared to express the ratio of the two quantities as a number	rel:definition	1
tax withholding grossup obligation	Grossup Obligations in respect of Tax, that is an obligation to deduct or withhold tax in respect of payments made under transactions governed by the Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
publicly issued equity	The equity which exists in an incorporated company, which has been issued to the public in the form of shares. This class defines the equity itself, as distinct from the shares which give a holder the ownership of that equity, i.e. this is what is owned by the share holder.	rel:definition	1
executive board member	An individual performing the role of a board member of a company who also has executive responsibilities in the company.	rel:definition	1
reporting frequency policy	Frequency with which financial reports will be presented.	rel:definition	1
modified duration analytic	The percentage price change of a security for a given change in yield. The higher the modified duration of a security, the higher its risk. Ad/ModDuration = [duration / {1 + (IRR/M)}]; where IRR is the internal rate of return and M is the number of compounding periods per year.	rel:definition	1
equity option underlying	The equity security that must be delivered when the option contract is exercised.	rel:definition	1
employment population ratio	an economic indicator representing the ratio of the employed population with respect to the overall civilian non-institutional population of a given economy for some specified period	rel:definition	1
thb sor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for THB-SOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
client identifier	an identifier for a client	rel:definition	1
municipal debt issuer	A Municipality, acting in the capacity of an Issuer. The Issuer of a Municipal Debt is a Municipality, which is identified as a State Actor governing on the part of a Municipal Area or City. This is equivalent to a Legal Entity.	rel:definition	1
non depository trust company	a trust company that accepts and executes trusts, but does not issue currency; non-depository trust companies can either be Federal Reserve Members or Federal Reserve Non-members	rel:definition	1
borrower	a party to a debt instrument that is obligated to repay the amount borrowed (principal) with interest and other fees according to the terms of the instrument	rel:definition	1
non executive board member	Some person performing the role of a Board Member of a company, and having no executive responsibilities towards the running of the company.	rel:definition	1
usd annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Annual Swap Rate-4:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
registration identifier scheme	the scheme that defines the registration identifier per the issuing registration authority	rel:definition	1
certificate of deposit	A certificate of deposit (CD) is a money market instrument issued by a depository institution as evidence of a time deposit.	rel:definition	1
index or basket option entitlement	The entitlements to the holder of a basket or index option, comprised in an option contract or transaction supplement.	rel:definition	1
collateralized guaranty	Guaranty which takes the form of some Collateral. e.g. if a Security is guaranteed by collateral, assets (the Collateral) are pledged to a lender until a loan is repaid.	rel:definition	1
religious law	Some set of laws derived from and practised in the name of some religion.	rel:definition	1
entity expiration reason enumeration	an enumerated datatype specifying the reason that a legal entity ceased to exist and/or operate as specified in the LEI registry for that entity	rel:definition	1
option barrier feature terms	Formal terms setting out when and under what circumstances the option contract is deemed to be in force. This takes the form of an event and the relationship between the event and the applicability of the option.	rel:definition	1
cdo portfolio	A portfolio in which the reference assets of the CDO are held.	rel:definition	1
financial instrument identifier	an identifier for a financial instrument	rel:definition	1
debt stake in fund	A stake held in a fund by way of a Bond Unit.	rel:definition	1
usd ois ny icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-OIS-3:00-NY-ICAP	rel:definition	1
product lifecycle event occurrence	an occurrence of an event that occurs during a specific stage of a specific product lifecycle	rel:definition	1
controlling interest option holder	A party which holds some option which may be exercised to confer on that party some de jure controlling interest at some time in the future and at the discretion of that holder.	rel:definition	1
fund portfolio investment limitations	Detailed Policy on approximately how the portfolio is to be allocated to achieve the stated investment goals. This underpins the detailed strategy of how to achieve this.	rel:definition	1
capital reserves distribution	Distribution of capital reserves of the issuing company. Further Notes Distribution comes from earnings and reduces the capital base. REVIEW: How does this differ from CAPG? That is, does this scenario exist outside of funds capital gains distribution?	rel:definition	1
jpy mutancall tonar	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-MUTANCALL-TONAR	rel:definition	1
call option buyer	The Party which is the buyer of the Call Option. This party has the option but not the obligation to transact as the Buyer of the Option Underlying.	rel:definition	1
forward valuation terms set	Terms for valuation of underlying(s) for a Forward Contract.	rel:definition	1
virtual location	a place that is not located in any single physical location; a network location without geographic boundaries	rel:definition	1
credit index constituent	a constituent of a basket of credit risks, such as an event represented in a credit index	rel:definition	1
change of security trading status event	An event in which the trading status of a tradable security changes.	rel:definition	1
otc bond market price	The price determined for the marketplace for a bond which is traded over the counter.	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap cme lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-3M EURIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
draft tranche structure	Draft of set of information defining the tranches in the tranched issue and how these relate to one another. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
frn date rule	The rule applied to FRN instruments as defined in the ISDA definitions of 2000, Section 4.11, as defined in those rules for either or both of 'FRN Convention' and 'Eurodollar Convention'.	rel:definition	1
other amounts obligation	"Obligation in regard to other defaults on obligations. Example Contract Text: \""If, prior to the occurrence or effective designation of an Early Termination Date in respect of the relevant Transaction, a party defaults in the performance of any obligation required to be settled by delivery, it will compensate the other party on demand if and to the extent provided for in the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement. \""	rel:definition	1
other amounts obligation	otc derivatives master agreement obligation	rel:broader	1
other amounts obligation	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/DER/AboutDER/DERSpecification>	<http://purl.org/dc/terms/isPartOf>	1
other amounts obligation	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/DerivativesContractsExt/OTCDerivativeMasterAgreements/OtherAmountsObligation>	rel:isDefinedBy	1
other amounts obligation	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
constant	""a symbol that represents a constant in a formula or expression"	rel:definition	1
subscription right holder	The party which is the holder of a subscription right. This is identified as being a party which is also an existing holder of the security identified as the underlying security.	rel:definition	1
debt asset interest return stream	A leg which embodies the interest payments on a debt instrument which is the reference asset for a Swap.	rel:definition	1
capital reserves distribution notification	Notification of distribution of capital reserves of the issuing company.	rel:definition	1
krw bond	the FpML floating interest index for KRW-Bond-3222	rel:definition	1
restriction	Anything which prevents something being done which might otherwise be done. The Restriction is defined relative to the thing which might otherwise be done, which may be an activity of some sort. It is therefore a Relative Thing, with a property identifying that act or event.	rel:definition	1
loan or credit account	an account associated with a service in which the account holder receives funds from the account provider under certain terms and conditions for repayment	rel:definition	1
reputation	The goal of a business to maintain or enhance its reputation.	rel:definition	1
county court judgment	Satisfaction code associated with a county court judgement can have values satisfied/unsatisfied. This is a value changing event.	rel:definition	1
yield	The yield of a financial instrument based on its current price is the return to the investor expressed as an annual percentage.	rel:definition	1
commitment at large	a commitment made by some party without direct involvement from the potential beneficiaries of that commitment	rel:definition	1
priority level	the level of priority that guaranty has in the context of the contract, for example for a credit enhancement priority	rel:definition	1
suite	A subdivision of a building for which the purposes are not clearly defined or may be variable, generally consisting of a number of contiguous rooms on one or more floors.	rel:definition	1
build america bond	Taxable municipal securities issued through December 31, 2010 under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA). BABs may be direct pay subsidy bonds or tax credit bonds.	rel:definition	1
idr idrfix	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-IDRFIX	rel:definition	1
cny shibor ois compounding	the FpML floating interest index for CNY-Shibor-OIS-Compounding	rel:definition	1
debt security offer price	A price quoted for sale of a quantity of a debt security in the marketplace. This may be either the OTC market or a securities exchange or a composite market consisting of several exchanges or trading facilities.	rel:definition	1
novated option contract	An Option Contract after the stage where a Derivatives Exchange has novated this contract and become the principal to it, for purposes of clearing and settlement. The Clearing House novates both contract. So when you are on the floor (as a Broker), you trade with another Broker. Then you take it to th eRing, and present it to the Ring. So you write a contract and give it to the ringleader, who then books it. So the party you dealt with deals with the exahcnge, and you deal with the exchange. THen there are two contracts for one deal. So the answer here is that there are two novated contracts for one Options deal. Difference: If not open outcry? In OO the deal is done and given to the ringleader, who represents the Cleaing house. When it's not open outcry, the clearing house gets the deal, books the deal, and margins it. So you don't know as much about the deal and process. This eliminiates stickiness of a market that has credit. Similar to what occurs in share markets, where clearing takes place, e.g. when someone defaults on delivery. Clearing House simply closes out the contract.	rel:definition	1
international securities identification numbering scheme	a formal definition of the structure and application of a ISINs as defined in ISO 6166	rel:definition	1
legal construct	something which is conferred by way of law or contract, such as a right	rel:definition	1
financial industry context	The context in which business activites take place within the financial industry, i.e. investment management, wholesale financial markets trading and so on.	rel:definition	1
price value	Value given to a price. FIBIM	rel:definition	1
performance determination method	A method for performance determination (e.g. Time weighted and money weighted, annualized, gross of fee) along with the time frame in which this is determined. PLUS Performances NamePeriod	rel:definition	1
relative price	a relative price with respect to either a stated or market value for a debt instrument at some point in time, defined as par, premium, or discount	rel:definition	1
nzd semi annual swap rate bgcantor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-BGCANTOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
absolate prepayment rate formula	ABS is defined by the following formula where SMM refers to Single Monthly Mortality, which measures the percentage of dollars prepaid in a given month expressed as a percentage of the scheduled loan balance. ABS = (100 * SMM)/100 + (SMM X (Age- 1)	rel:definition	1
business recurrence interval	a recurrence interval that is specified using a business recurrence interval convention	rel:definition	1
organization covering agreement	A formal agreement between the principals in a formal organization which covers the relationship between the principals, and between the principals and the entity.	rel:definition	1
liability capacity	the ability to be sued at law	rel:definition	1
contractual right	Some right conferred by some contract.	rel:definition	1
geophysical location	Some physical two dimensional extent on the surface of the Earth. Scope Note: The definition given in the FIBO Foundations specification for Physical Location defines some n- e.g. three dimensional space. This concept extends this to define a two dimensional extent on the Earth or other planets. Explanatory Note: Some of these locations may also be co-extensive with Geographical Features, the latter being named geophysical lications.	rel:definition	1
national securities identifying number registry entry	an entry in a National Securities Identifying Number registry	rel:definition	1
commercial paper	Commercial paper (CP) is unsecured short-term promissory notes issued primarily by corporations, although there are also municipal and sovereign issuers (not included in this definition).	rel:definition	1
exercise dates convention	The date terms determining when the holder or future holder of an option can implement the rights defined in the option.	rel:definition	1
cad corra ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-CORRA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
property valuer	The party which carries out the valluation of the property for the purpose of a mortgage loan. Further notes: Also: See Event State Analysis at Fannie Mae, for core processes, as partof the enterprise data architecture transformation, e.g. ESA for single family and multi family loans.	rel:definition	1
cash out status	a category indicating the extent to which funds are released to the borrower on a new loan origination that is  refinancing an existing loan	rel:definition	1
asset return stream	A leg in which the returns on an asset are paid.	rel:definition	1
investors domicile restriction	a legal holding restriction that specifies where holders of a security may be domiciled	rel:definition	1
czk pribor prbo	the FpML floating interest index for CZK-PRIBOR-PRBO	rel:definition	1
financial intermediation service	any financial service in which a third party (the intermediary) matches lenders and investors with entrepreneurs and other borrowers in need of capital	rel:definition	1
cancellation of shares	The cancellation of shares. Further Notes Only possible with shares not publicly issued i.e. treasury shares	rel:definition	1
timed based surface	A three way relationship between three variable parameters.	rel:definition	1
profit objective	an objective that reflects pursuit of a financial benefit that may be realized when the amount of revenue gained from a business activity exceeds the expenses, costs and taxes needed to sustain that activity	rel:definition	1
rub annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for RUB-Annual Swap Rate-12:45-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
legally deliverable location	An address which is considered suitable for service of legal documents.	rel:definition	1
issued and securitized agency mortage pool	An agency mortgage pool which has been securitized as part of an agency Mortgage Backed Security.	rel:definition	1
annual general meeting	Annual General Meeting. SWIFT = MEET	rel:definition	1
percentage par	Figure specified as a percentage of Par Value	rel:definition	1
loan standardization documentation	Very specific categorization of documentation obtained by the lender at the time of origination to qualify a borrower. Documentation Types vary from lender to lender and need to be completely understood. takes a code list in the data world see eg S&P codes of these. not exhaustive? example tax returns etc. categorize as hi low or medium type of doc risk there are also 'no doc' mtges	rel:definition	1
abstention response	Vote expressed as abstain. In this case, the issuing company will add the number of shares to the quorum of the meeting.	rel:definition	1
mortgage loan contract	a loan contract that is secured by real property	rel:definition	1
mortgage loan contract	A mortgage loan contract setting out the terms and conditions for a mortgage.	rel:definition	1
central bank	a financial institution that is the monetary authority and major regulatory bank for a country (or group of countries)	rel:definition	1
payment obligation as delivery	"Sample text: \""... Where settlement is by delivery (that is, other than by payment), such delivery will be made for receipt on the due date in the manner customary for the relevant obligation unless otherwise specified in the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement. \""	rel:example	1
payment obligation as delivery	""Obligation for payment in settlement of a transaction when this payment takes the form of delivery of some payment in kind."	rel:definition	1
schedule stub	a date period before the start of the recurring part of a schedule or after the end of the recurring part, which may be associated with a specific occurrence kind	rel:definition	1
krw cd	the FpML floating interest index for KRW-CD-3220	rel:definition	1
commodity instrument	a financial instrument representing an ownership interest in a commodity such as coal, oil, precious metal, livestock, an agricultural product, etc.	rel:definition	1
interest rate swap	a swap in which the underlier for one or both legs is an interest rate	rel:definition	1
group	a collection of autonomous entities	rel:definition	1
promissory note	a promissory note is a written, signed, unconditional, and unsecured promise by one party (the maker or promisor) to another (the payee or promisee) that commits the maker to pay a specified sum on demand, or on a fixed or a determinable date	rel:definition	1
usd sifma municipal swap index	the FpML floating interest index for USD-SIFMA Municipal Swap Index	rel:definition	1
pool weighted average remaining maturity	The weighted average of the time until all maturities on loans in a pool. The higher the weighted average to maturity of the loans, the longer the loans in the pool have until maturity. REVIEW: Adapted from instrument specific definition from Investopedia. Review of 23 September identified that certain figures exist for pool and for instrument, whereas Investopedia definition was for Instrument (tranche, class etc.).	rel:definition	1
distribution method	The means by which monies or benefits accruing from the possession of something are distributed to the holders of that thing.	rel:definition	1
portfolio investment strategy	The manner in which the portfolio manager tries to reach the funds objectives.	rel:definition	1
dkk dkkois ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for DKK-DKKOIS-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
call premium	an amount over par that an issuer must pay an investor to redeem the security early	rel:definition	1
collateralized secured loan	Loan in which some asset is provided as collateral to the loan.	rel:definition	1
fund share class unit	The legal structure in which you can purchase part of an investment pool, defined by a variety of characteristics like investor type, minimum size of investment, distribution type, fee and currency. A fund unit which gives the holder an equity stake in the fund.	rel:definition	1
credit institution register entry	an entry in the Credit Institution Register, a repository of credit institutions collected by the European Banking Authority (EBA) as provided by the various national banking authorities for those institutions that qualify	rel:definition	1
locally defined credit basket	A basket of securities and/or reference entities monitored for credit purposes.	rel:definition	1
depository institution	any financial institution engaged in the business of receiving demand deposits from the public or other institutions	rel:definition	1
licensor	a party who grants a license	rel:definition	1
licensor	The issuer of a license such as a software llicense.	rel:definition	1
re po party	A party to a repurchase agreement.	rel:definition	1
investment equity	equity that represents an ownership interest in some entity, but may or may not take the form of stockholder's equity	rel:definition	1
arithmetic mean	the sum of a collection of numbers divided by the number of numbers in the collection	rel:definition	1
contractual option	The option to take up some right at some future time, at the discretion of the party defined as the holder of this option in the contract.	rel:definition	1
chf libor bba	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-LIBOR-BBA	rel:definition	1
eur euribor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
eur euribor swap eurex lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-6M EURIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
eur annual swap rate bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
stock split	The increase in a company's number of outstanding shares of stock without any change in the shareholder's equity or the aggregate market value at the time of the split.	rel:definition	1
corporate officer	The executives of a corporation charged with certain operational responsibilities. Typically appointed by the board of directors, the corporate officers usually include the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Financial Officer (CFO), President, and in some corporations the Chief Operating Officer.	rel:definition	1
subscription right	"Why prevailing? It could be a new security of exactly the same class. Is this always new securities? Notes May 25: May be more an accounting or legal term for bonus issue, more accurate than scrip or bonus issue which reflects what happens in the books of the company. THis would mean that capitalization issue is seemingly synonymous with Bonus Issue / Scrip Issue (see moneytterms.co.uk which says that capitalization is less common but more correct, for scrip. \""The share capital on the balance sheet has to increate by the nominal value of the newly issued shares. This is balanced by an equal decrease in another part of hte shareholder's funds such as retained income of valuation reserves\""	rel:editorialNote	1
subscription right	""Privileges allotted to existing security holders, entitling them to subscribe to new securities at a price normally lower than the prevailing market price."	rel:definition	1
redemption	Repayment in full of a debt security, investment trust or a preferred stock issue, at stated maturity. SWIFT = REDM	rel:definition	1
controlling interest party	Some party which holds some form of controlling interest in some other party in some context.	rel:definition	1
fund cash distribution policy	Policy for distribution of cash dividends or notes in the event that the fund units have a distribution policy of \"Cash\" rather than \"Reinvestment\".	rel:definition	1
securities issuance process	The process by which a financial security is issued.	rel:definition	1
privilege	The alienable liberty to do something.	rel:definition	1
average daily earnings	a measure of the average daily wage an employee makes over the reporting period	rel:definition	1
financial future	A futures contract based on a financial instrument.	rel:definition	1
principal strip	A Debt Instrument which consists of the principal component alone, of a Debt Security.	rel:definition	1
try tryibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for TRY-TRYIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
eur eonia ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-EONIA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
sole controlling party	an individual entity that directs the affairs of some formal business organization	rel:definition	1
current share status	Information about the status of the security at a given point in time.	rel:definition	1
data protection requirement	Requirements defining how data about individuals is held. Example is the EU DA directive and laws, which make the data the property of the individual that data is about. Covers - what information i sheld - who information can be divulged to. - the individual's rights in respect of that information Privacy regulations cover most of this. EU defines \"Personal Data\" and \"Sensitive Personal Data\". For credit reference agencies the latter would be covered. More detail about whether they can divulge facts which are not subject to formal judgements etc.	rel:definition	1
rate basis type	The type of basis for a percentage quoted figure, as used in specifying Bond Call percentage amounts. REVIEW: Does this same meaningful term have wider applicability?	rel:definition	1
put price	a price at which a debt instrument with a put feature may be sold by the holder	rel:definition	1
controlled party	Some party which is controlled in some way and to some degree by some other party.	rel:definition	1
bond issue information	Information about the Issuance of a Bond, which is maintained throughout the life of the Security.	rel:definition	1
otc master agreement conditions precedent	Conditions precedent on payment or delivery on a transaction transacted under this Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
inflation rate	an economic indicator representing a change in prices of goods and services for a specified period, for a given statistical area	rel:definition	1
committed credit facility	A credit facility which has been formally agreed between a potential lender and a potential borrower.	rel:definition	1
partnership with limited partners	a partnership having limited partners, that is partners whose liabilities are limited to the extent of their equity or guarantees	rel:definition	1
underlying on option	The instrument or parameter, or combinations thereof, that are used as the basis for the Option Instrument.	rel:definition	1
business strategy	A plan, method, or series of maneuvers or stratagems for obtaining a specific business goal.	rel:definition	1
usd libor isda	the FpML floating interest index for USD-LIBOR-ISDA	rel:definition	1
jpy tibor tibm all banks bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-TIBOR-TIBM (All Banks)-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
canon law system	The body of laws & regulations made or adopted by ecclesiastical authority, for the government of the Christian organization and its members.	rel:definition	1
military person	a person that is a member of the active duty military	rel:definition	1
loan borrower	The Borrower of the Loan. This is the party which draws down the offered credit in the form of a loan under conditions agreed in the Loan Contract to which the Borrower is party.	rel:definition	1
forward contract seller	A seller of the underlying instrument in a Forward contract.	rel:definition	1
contractual restriction	A restriction defined in a Contract as opposed to being defined in a body of Law.	rel:definition	1
swap data repository	a financial service provider that provides a central facility for swap data reporting and recordkeeping	rel:definition	1
controlled company	a company over which another organization has some degree of control by way of ownership of voting shares	rel:definition	1
zar quarterly swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-Quarterly Swap Rate-5:30-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
security contract terms	Contractual terms of a negotiable financial security	rel:definition	1
identification scheme	system for allocating identifiers to objects	rel:definition	1
quoted price	a monetary price quoted by some publisher on a given date	rel:definition	1
odd lot sale	Sale of odd-lot back to the issuing company.	rel:definition	1
municipality	an urban administrative division having corporate status and usually powers of self-government or jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
corporate action narrative	A message containing further narrative about some corporate action. This does not relate to any specific kind of action but is an additional stand-alone message.	rel:definition	1
asset class strategy	Strategy which is asset class based.	rel:definition	1
mortgage indemnity guaranty	Mortgage Indemnity Guaranty (MIG).	rel:definition	1
reverse mortgage loan contract	a mortgage contract that pays out money to the borrower against a set principal limit that is based on the value of existing equity in the underlying collateral.	rel:definition	1
fund capital gains distribution notification	"Shareholders of Mutual Funds, Unit Trusts, or Sicavs are recipients of capital gains distributions which are often reinvested in additional shares of the fund. SWIFT full text: \""Distribution of profits resulting from the sale of securities. Shareholders of Mutual Funds, Unit Trusts, or Sicavs are recipients of capital gains distributions which are often reinvested in additional shares of the fund.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
fund capital gains distribution notification	""Notification of distribution to shareholders of funds, of profits resulting from the sale of securities."	rel:definition	1
limited partner	A partner in a partnership whose liabilities are limited to the extent of their equity holding or guarantees	rel:definition	1
debt margin spread	The spread between a Bid Price and an Offer Price.	rel:definition	1
loan party	A Party to the Loan.	rel:definition	1
treasury bill reference rate	The parameter which is the interest rate payable by the T Bill at any point in time. This therefore takes a value at any given time and has historical values in the past.	rel:definition	1
futures daily settlement price	Review whether this exists	rel:definition	1
idr semi annual swap rate reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for IDR-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
dispersion swap index constituents leg terms	The side of a dispersion swap where the underlying is a defined sub-set of an index, i.e. a set of constituents of that index.	rel:definition	1
legal entity identifier scheme	a scheme that specifies the elements of an unambiguous legal entity identifier (LEI) scheme to identify the legal entities relevant to any financial transaction	rel:definition	1
obligation default	One or more of the obligations have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event other than failure to pay.	rel:definition	1
observable underlier	An underlying observable which is in numeric form and does not represent a deliverable asset.	rel:definition	1
exchange security trading status	The trading status of a security on a given trading exchange.	rel:definition	1
internal rate of return	The discount rate that results in a Net Present Value of zero for a series of future cash flows.	rel:definition	1
legal entity	a partnership, corporation, or other organization having the capacity to negotiate contracts, assume financial obligations, and pay off debts, organized under the laws of some jurisdiction	rel:definition	1
student loan	A loan provided for the purposes of education.	rel:definition	1
party in role	a relative concept that ties an independent party to a specific role they are standing in in which they play some part i.e. are party to	rel:definition	1
debt price spread	The difference between the [what?] of a security and the fair price value of a different security which is used as a point of reference. The spread is used to determine the price of the instrument. (draft definition)	rel:definition	1
government bond	a bond issued by some government on behalf of some polity, including sovereign and municipal bonds	rel:definition	1
equity asset	The holding of equity securities in a portfolio.	rel:definition	1
dutch auction notification	"See notes for the event itself - there is some unclarity as to whether this notification supports one message flow or several i.e. whether it is from third party, from Issuer's Agent to holders, from third party to Issuers Agent, or all three. REVIEW SWIFT full text: \""Similar to a tender offer, a Dutch auction is an action by a party wishing to acquire a particular security. Current holders of the targeted security are invited to make an offer in which they would be willling to sell their holdings.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
dutch auction notification	""Notification of a Dutch auction, that is an action by a party wishing to acquire a particular security. Under the terms of this offer, current holders of the targeted security are invited to make an offer in which they would be willling to sell their holdings."	rel:definition	1
legal swap option	The option, that is the right but not the obligation, to enter into a Swap transaction at some time in the future under terms defined in the Swaption contract.	rel:definition	1
mandatory cash dividend event	Cash dividend with no option.	rel:definition	1
commodity forward delivery	The agreed forward delivery of a commodity or cash equivalent.	rel:definition	1
fund bond unit coupon	A fixed coupon paid out to holders of the Fund Bond Unit.	rel:definition	1
chf libor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-LIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
periodic scheduled event date	the date on which a schedule event occurs in some parametric schedule	rel:definition	1
notification message	Notification of an event.	rel:definition	1
control document	A formal document which controls some activity or process. The actual document which takes on the role of Control Document for a given activity or process is identified as a property of this Control Document.	rel:definition	1
contractual undertaking	A commitment, defined in a Contract, in which one Party to that Contract undertakes to do something or to deliver something or make some payment, to the other Party.	rel:definition	1
rights exercise event	Exercising the right to purchase the shares. Furhter Notes: This is an action on the part of the holder. SWIFT: Call/exercise on nil-paid securities/rights resulting from a rights distribution (RHDI) (To be used for the second event in case rights issue is dealt with in 2 events, first event being the RHDI).	rel:definition	1
coco bondholder	Holder of bank bonds which convert to equity holdings in a bank.	rel:definition	1
agency regular jump	Regular non-Sticky Jump Z tranches maintain their changed status only while the trigger event is in effect, and revert to their old payment status once the trigger event has passed.	rel:definition	1
ad hoc schedule	a schedule that consists of (comprises) AdHocScheduleEntries, each of which specifies a date	rel:definition	1
arrangement	an organizing structure for something	rel:definition	1
cdo reference obligation	A CDS Reference Obligation specifically defined for and referenced in a Synthectic CDO.	rel:definition	1
clearing service	a service provided to financial institutions including the validation, delivery, and settlement of financial transactions	rel:definition	1
raw material	An amount of some material intended to be used for some purpose e.g. in manufacture, refinery. Scope Note: This is out of scope for financial services applications (unless it is needed for various loan purposes). This may be implemented in manufacturing models to define various manufacturing and refinement purposes, but at this level it is more general than any one of those.	rel:definition	1
international securities identification number	a security identifier that is defined as specified in ISO 6166, Securities and related financial instruments -- International securities identification numbering system (ISIN)	rel:definition	1
national government	a government and the politicians that that run a country as a whole (as opposed to local government)	rel:definition	1
total	a sum of the values for some characteristic of all units	rel:definition	1
simple yield calculation method	The annual rate of return expressed as a percentage. This is the return divided by the outlay and multiplied by 100 to express the figure as a percentage.	rel:definition	1
nzd bbr reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-BBR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
registration capacity	the capacity of some natural person to formally register information in a registry on behalf of some registration authority	rel:definition	1
knock in	An option which comes into existence if the knock-in event happens. It works exactly the reverse of a knock-out. In a knock-in, an option comes into existence if a certain level is hit.	rel:definition	1
nzd bbr fra	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-BBR-FRA	rel:definition	1
commodities option underlying	The underlying on a Commodities Option, which is the corresponding Commodity Future contract on the same exchange.	rel:definition	1
option call transaction	A transaction which is defined in an options contract and which may or may not take place, at the discretion of the holder of the option. If it does take place, this will be a transaction for the purchase of the underlying or some cash equivalent thereof, as defined in the option contract.	rel:definition	1
warrant exercise terms set	Terms setting out how a warrant instrument may be exercised. Further Notes Exercise terms as defined here also cover the automatic exercise of the warrant in the event of its expiry. These terms include the exercise style (FIBIM = OptionStyle type OptionStyleCode) and the delivery.	rel:definition	1
board capacity	the capacity that resides in the board of directors of a company	rel:definition	1
abs issuer	The issuer of the (Cash) Asset Backed Security. This is generally a Special Purpose Vehicle set up by a corporation. Further details from riskglossary.com: To create an ABS, a corporation creates a special purpose vehicle to which it sells the assets. While is is common to speak of the corporation as the issuer of the ABS, legally, it is the trust or special purpose vehicle that is the issuer. It sells securities to investors. To protect investors from possible bankruptcy of the corporation, there are three legal safeguards: - Transfer of assets from the corporation is a non-recourse, true sale. - Investors receive a perfected interest in the assets' cash flows. - A non-consolidation legal opinion is obtained certifying that assets of the trust or special purpose vehicle cannot be consolidated with the corporation's assets in the event of bankruptcy. These same safeguards allow the corporation to remove the assets from its balance sheet. The corporation generally continues to service the assets - collecting interest and principal payments, pursuing delinquencies, etc. It is paid out of asset cash flows for providing these ongoing services.	rel:definition	1
equity forward seller	The party that sells or writes this forward instrument, that is the party which grants the rights defined by this instrument and in return receives a payment for it.	rel:definition	1
other equity priority terms set	The precise terms which define the seniority of this class of Equity. These will set it apart from the highest of lowest seniority (senior or junior debt) and may be defined for more than one additional class of equity. These terms are defined by the issuer.	rel:definition	1
qualified investor restriction	a legal holding restriction specifying that only qualified investors may hold the security, optionally for a defined holding period (if this is not defined then the period is indefinite)	rel:definition	1
gbp libor swap cme lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-6M LIBOR SWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
bond issue prospectus	The prospectus for the bond issue describes the terms of the issue and each of the instruments included in the bond issue. Term origin:SMER	rel:definition	1
exchange specific security identification scheme	an identification scheme used by a securities exchange in issuing security identifiers	rel:definition	1
variable principal bond	A bond where the actual principal amount may vary, other than through paydown of the principal as amortization.	rel:definition	1
entity owner	a party that has some ownership interest in some entity	rel:definition	1
board member	a person who is a member of the board of directors of a corporation	rel:definition	1
usd ba reference dealers	the FpML floating interest index for USD-BA-Reference Dealers	rel:definition	1
equity basket	Any basket of equity consituents. This may be a basket of shares, of equity indices or a basket which is mixture of both.	rel:definition	1
abscdo deal	An issue of Asset Backed Security CDO notes.	rel:definition	1
legal right	A right conferred by some law.	rel:definition	1
financial service account	an account provided by a financial service provider associated with a specific financial product or service	rel:definition	1
beneficial owner	Entity that enjoys the possession and/or benefits of ownership (such as receipt of income) of a property even though its ownership (title) is in the name of another entity (called a nominee or registered owner). Use of a nominee (who may be an agent, custodian, or a trustee) does not change the position regarding tax reporting and tax liability, and the beneficial-owner remains responsible.	rel:definition	1
litigation capacity	the legal capacity to pursue a litigation action in law	rel:definition	1
civilian	a person that is not a member of the military (i.e., that is not on active duty)	rel:definition	1
rating	has some indication of the standing of the thing within some lifecycle or process.	rel:definition	1
rating	A schematic code which is used to express an opinion about something, as expressed by some agent. This may take different values at different times, as the agent expressing that opinion may revise it from time to time.	rel:definition	1
rating	The standing of some thing within some lifecycle or process.	rel:definition	1
rating	that of which the status represents some standing within some lifecycle or process which varies over time.	rel:definition	1
credit score number	a credit score that is a quantitative measure	rel:definition	1
derivatives price determination method	Method by which prices are arrived at for derivatives securities (futures or options).	rel:definition	1
margin	a parameter of an expression that is added to the base to get the interest amount	rel:definition	1
de jure controlling interest	controlling interest that is formalized by some formal legal construct	rel:definition	1
fund processing form	The form of documentation or control mechanism required for some funds processing activity.	rel:definition	1
attachment or detachment notification message	Notification of an action in which the issuer attaches or detaches securities.	rel:definition	1
hmda pre approval request	a request for pre-approval of a home purchase loan up to a certain amount, and subject to certain non-credit related conditions	rel:definition	1
transaction event	any sale, assignment, lease, license, loan, advance, contribution, or other transfer of any interest in or right to use any property (tangible or intangible) or money, however that transaction is effected, and regardless of whether the terms of the transaction are formally documented	rel:definition	1
transaction event	The event component of a transaction	rel:definition	1
fixed interest rate	an interest rate that does not fluctuate over the lifetime of a loan or other debt instrument	rel:definition	1
calculation period length	an explicit duration defined as the number of days from the adjusted effective or start date to the adjusted termination or end date calculated in accordance with the applicable day count fraction	rel:definition	1
gbp libor swap eurex lch icap	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-6M LIBOR SWAP-EUREX vs LCH-ICAP	rel:definition	1
scheme	a structure or means of organizing information such as a schema, numbering system, organization scheme, measurement system, taxonomy, or language for organizing information	rel:definition	1
mbs tranche note	An individual note of a tranche.	rel:definition	1
body of law	Some body of law, that is some set of laws, statutes, ordinances and the like.	rel:definition	1
eur libor bba bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for EUR-LIBOR-BBA-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
equity instrument	a financial instrument representing an ownership interest in an entity or pool of assets	rel:definition	1
inflation bond principal repayment terms set	Terms specifying how the principal amount on an Inflation Bond is to be paid down. Further notes: This is typically but not necessarily with reference to the Inflation rate that is referred to for this bond. Further model action: identify and model terms for the case where the bond principal repayments are not pegged to an inflation rate.	rel:definition	1
abartn registry entry	an entry in the ABA RTN registry, a repository of financial institution characteristics collected by the ABA Registrar on behalf of the ABA	rel:definition	1
pln wibor wibo	the FpML floating interest index for PLN-WIBOR-WIBO	rel:definition	1
equity forward delivery commitment	The commitment to deliver an equity underlying at the maturity of an OTC Equity Forward contract.	rel:definition	1
bid price	The price at which a market participant would put out in an order book indicating that they are willing to pay for a given stock.	rel:definition	1
currency spot rate	a rate to exchange one currency for another for immediate delivery	rel:definition	1
try semi annual swap rate tradition reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for TRY-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-TRADITION-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
mean	the most common measure of central tendency, the average of a set of numbers	rel:definition	1
bond coupon	Mechanism whereby an investor receives income from interest payments, which are usually made periodically.	rel:definition	1
last regular coupon date	The scheduled date of the last regular coupon payment, that is the last of the payments that are made according to a regular repeating series of coupon periods, before any non standard (long or short) last coupon period in the schedule.	rel:definition	1
potential pass through issuance underwriter	The entity which will become the underwriter for the pass through MBS issue. Term origin:MBS PoC Reviews	rel:definition	1
usd ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for USD-OIS-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
standard deviation	the square root of variance, standard deviation, measures the spread or dispersion around the mean of a data set	rel:definition	1
physical site	A physical site is a an actual location that situates something, typically a structure or building, archeological dig, landing location for an aircraft or spacecraft, etc.  From biology, this could also be the site of a wound, and active site, and so forth. A physical site has certain characteristics that contribute to the context it provides, including area, shape, accessibility, and in the case of a geographic site, landforms, soil and ground conditions, climate, and so forth.	rel:definition	1
governmental constitution	a set of rules and principles that define the nature and extent of government	rel:definition	1
mandatory sinking fund terms set	Terms relating to a Mandatory Sinking Fund call of the issue.	rel:definition	1
loan principal repayment commitment	A commitment by a borrower to repay the principal on a loan under the terms described.	rel:definition	1
share	A security that signifies ownership in a corporation and represents a claim on part of the corporation's assets and earnings. What a share confers: 1. Voting rights 2. Entitlement to Income 3. Entitlements to Assets	rel:definition	1
custom product	a product that is made to an individual's order, commissioned to a customer's specifications, or designed to order	rel:definition	1
holding	real or personal property (assets), including but not limited to financial assets, to which one holds title and of which one has possession	rel:definition	1
parametric cashflow terms	terms for a set of cashflows defined according to a mathematical formula	rel:definition	1
convertible security	a security that can be converted into another security	rel:definition	1
event announcement	An Event whereby some parties announces its intention to carry out some act at some present or future time. An Announcement is defined relative to the Event that is announced, for example the announcement of the issue of a financial security is defined in relation to the issue of a security (an Issuance Event).	rel:definition	1
event announcement	The announcement	rel:definition	1
amortization	the process of reduction of debt or other costs through periodic charges to assets or liabilities, such as through principal payments on mortgages	rel:definition	1
declaration	Some formal communication in which some party makes a statement to the reader or the world at large about some fact or occurrence.	rel:definition	1
building sub unit	A discrete subdivision of some Building.	rel:definition	1
third party corporate action notification message	Notification of a third party corporate action.	rel:definition	1
liquidity	Precise definition needed for liquidity, and check that it is modeled accordingly.	rel:definition	1
disclosure requirement	Requirement for disclosure to borrowers or potential borrowers. There are two kinds of disclosure requirement: 1. Disclosure about the information held on the borrower 2. Disclsure about the product.	rel:definition	1
balance sheet entry	Some entry on the balance sheet of some business entity.	rel:definition	1
jpy ois tradition	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-OIS-3:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
loan standarization document type	Financial Institution defined categorization of documentation type. This is interpreted from information provided by the seller on both the data file and in their underwriting quidelines. See attached Translation tables. needs work These are (from CDDOCTYPE enumeration in MAT-CODES): Unknown Other Full Full or Alternate Alternative Lite Low - ACTION make sure this isn't Risk Level in other list Limited Reduced Partial Streamline No Documentation No Ratio No Income Verifier No Income Qualifier Stated Documentation ACTION: Make sure these are all mutually exclusive, then implement as selection list entries.	rel:definition	1
equity apportionment terms set	Terms setting out the apportionment of equity in some formal business organization.	rel:definition	1
cdo management style	The manner in which reference assets are managed during the life of a CDO.	rel:definition	1
usd treasury icap	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Treasury-19901-3:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
borrower ongoing dated facts	Ongoing information about the borrower.	rel:definition	1
usd tibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for USD-TIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
borrower monthly income	total monthly qualifying income of the potential borrower	rel:definition	1
gbp semi annual swap rate icap	the FpML floating interest index for GBP-Semi-Annual Swap Rate-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
fx forward outright contract	A forward contract in the forex market that locks in the price at which an entity can buy or sell a currency on a future date. Also known as \"outright forward currency transaction\", \"forward outright\" or \"FX forward\".	rel:definition	1
index	an indirect shortcut derived from and pointing into, a greater volume of values, data, information or knowledge	rel:definition	1
sek annual swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for SEK-Annual Swap Rate	rel:definition	1
twd reference dealers	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-Reference Dealers	rel:definition	1
mezzanine mbs tranche	Specific kinds of tranche are modeled for example and investigation only and have been removed from the diagrams. These will be removed from the final model.	rel:definition	1
proprietary security identifier	an identifier supplied by a commercial data provider or government, such as a RIC code	rel:definition	1
general partner	a partner in a partnership, who holds some part of the general partner equity and typically is jointly and severally liable with the other partners for the liabilities incurred by that partnership	rel:definition	1
debt contract terms set	Terms setting out the formal rights and obligations of borrower and lender under a contract in which funds are lent from the one party to the other.	rel:definition	1
construction type	a particular kind of construction	rel:definition	1
security offering distribution method	The distribution type of a securities Offering.	rel:definition	1
zar jibar reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for ZAR-JIBAR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
debt published point in time price	A debt price, usually in the form of a spread, published by a data provider at some point in time such as the end of the trading day.	rel:definition	1
security delivery type	Type of delivery as used in settlement terms for a financial security.	rel:definition	1
labor productivity value added	a ratio of a quantity index of value added to a quantity index of labor input	rel:definition	1
hedge fund	Definition needed Review notes (EFAMA?) Also only closed ended according to regulations. This is not always a kind of closed fund.	rel:definition	1
explicit date	a date in which the 'hasDateValue' property is required	rel:definition	1
revolving line of credit	A credit line based on some collateral, that can be drawn down and/or paid back by the borrower.	rel:definition	1
partnership with general partners with limited liability	a partnership that has general partners, whose general partners have limited liability	rel:definition	1
identity document	any legal document which may be used to verify aspects of a person's identity	rel:definition	1
government guaranty	Guaranty is provided by a government, e.g. a security is guaranteed by a Government.	rel:definition	1
option binary payout terms	Terms governing a binary payout commitment.	rel:definition	1
built property	Something which is constructed via construction methods; bricks and mortar.	rel:definition	1
hkd hibor hibor bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for HKD-HIBOR-HIBOR-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
clearing and settlement	The business process or service area of securities clearing and settlement.	rel:definition	1
economic indicator publisher	a statistical information publisher that publishes economic news, including economic indicators	rel:definition	1
payment institution	a legal person that has been granted authorisation in accordance with Article 10 to provide and execute payment services throughout the European community	rel:definition	1
negotiated sale method	No definition	rel:definition	1
corporate event	Events v Actions Notifiable versus non notifiable. Whether notfiable could be required by statute or by listing rules. Notifiable: Does this apply only to those events compulsory on the issuer? See Tender Offer. In takeover scenarios, the issuer will have actions incumbent o nthem to inform the market (e..g Aus Part B response). Offerer initiates Part A (Takeover Offer) with the details. Akin to a information memorandum or prospectus on the takeover. All interest parties (and non shareholders) have a potential interest, as it has a potential effect on the shares.	rel:definition	1
loan originator	The party which finds the lender for the loan, for the borrower.	rel:definition	1
statistical area	a physical location that is defined per a nationally consistent program for designating geographic regions for the purposes of tabulating and presenting statistical data	rel:definition	1
fund order desk physical form document	A phsyical form obtained through the main fund order desk.	rel:definition	1
absolute prepayment rate	The absolute prepayment rate (for ABS) is the standard measure of prepayment rates in the auto-loan sector. ABS measures the monthly rate of loan prepayments as a percentage of the original pool balance. ABS is defined by the following formula where SMM refers to Single Monthly Mortality, which measures the percentage of dollars prepaid in a given month expressed as a percentage of the scheduled loan balance. ABS = (100 * SMM)/100 + (SMM X (Age- 1)	rel:definition	1
option writing party	The writing party of an OTC Option, i.e. the seller of a contract. This is the party that grants the rights defined by this instrument and in return receives a payment for it.	rel:definition	1
security settlement convention	Default Terms for the settlement of a Security.	rel:definition	1
numeric value	A numeric value is a single value intended to represent any number without restriction as to precision, scale or representation. The number or expression is contained in the hasValue property.	rel:definition	1
discount curve to use	This is a working note from ongoing reviews.	rel:definition	1
managed investment	an investment pool that is controlled by a professional investment manager who invests the pool in various financial instruments and assets that align with their investment objectives and is overseen by a board of directors	rel:definition	1
fund investment policy	The policy within which the fund acts in order to achieve the stated fund objectives.	rel:definition	1
mbs pool	A pool investment consisting of a collection of MBS instruments.	rel:definition	1
restricted percentage	a proportion of something expressed as a percentage amount and not exceeding 100% of that of which it is the percentage	rel:definition	1
relative time	Time defined in relation to some other time.	rel:definition	1
underwriter takedown	Infomation on Takedown quantity of the security handled by the underwriter (that will be brought into DTC).	rel:definition	1
credit protection contingent leg terms	The leg of the swap which represents the credit protection.	rel:definition	1
rule	A Rule is any statement which determines how something must be. It is defined in relation to that something (which may be an event or a parameter), and with some reference to the way in which that Rule is defined, e.g. whether it forms part of some legally binding contract, is defined by physics and so on.	rel:definition	1
populated place	a community in which people live or have lived, without being specific as to size, population or importance	rel:definition	1
commodity otc option contract	Definition needed.	rel:definition	1
cash structured finance instrument pool	A pool investment consisting of a collection of cash structured finance instruments.	rel:definition	1
inr miois	the FpML floating interest index for INR-MIOIS	rel:definition	1
the present	Now.	rel:definition	1
formula subject	The Left Hand Side of the Formula, giving what is being expressed in terms of the Right Hand Side.	rel:definition	1
underlier	the financial instrument(s), index or parameter, or combination thereof, that form the basis for the derivative instrument	rel:definition	1
introducing broker	an entity that solicits or accepts orders for futures or options contracts traded on or subject to the rules of an exchange; and does not accept any money, securities, or property (or extend credit in lieu thereof) to margin, guarantee, or secure any trades or contracts that result or may result	rel:definition	1
agency jump tranche	A tranche where if there is some sort of trigger event reached then the holders of the tranche will begin to receive payments.	rel:definition	1
rate based derivative instrument	a derivative instrument whose underlier is a non-physical observable rate	rel:definition	1
derived unit	a measurement unit for a derived quantity	rel:definition	1
foreign currency option	An option on a currency, based on the spot exchange rate of that currency to the currency of the security itself.	rel:definition	1
dividend conditions	Conditions governing the payment of dividends to the receiver of the equity forward.	rel:definition	1
loan status	Statuses which occur for a period of time, relating to a loan.	rel:definition	1
instrument weighted average loan age	A dollar-weighted average measuring the age of the individual loans in a mortgage pass-through or pooled security, such as Ginnie Mae or a Freddie Mac security. The WALA is measured as the time in months since the origination of the loans, with the weighting based on each loan's size in proportion to the aggregate total of the pool.	rel:definition	1
tax rule scheme	The scheme in which the tax rule is identified and defined.	rel:definition	1
loan contract	an agreement whereby one party extends money or credit to another party with the agreement that the borrowed money will be repaid according to specific terms	rel:definition	1
loan contract	The Contract which embodies a loan from one party (the Lender) to another party (the Borrower).	rel:definition	1
legal person	any entity which can incur legal obligation and can be sued at law	rel:definition	1
basket	a collection of goods, services, or other things (e.g., financial contracts) that can be purchased and sold in some marketplace	rel:definition	1
debt yield to equivalent life	The yield achieved by substituting a bond's equivalent life for the issue's final maturity date.	rel:definition	1
publicly traded share	A publicly traded security that signifies ownership in a corporation and represents a claim on part of the corporation's assets and earnings.	rel:definition	1
securities pool constituent	a security that is included in a securities pool	rel:definition	1
perpetual floating rate note	A Floating Rate Note in which ... information to follow.	rel:definition	1
dated balance	A balance at a point in time in the past, present or future.	rel:definition	1
lifecycle stage occurrence	a realization of a phase in a given lifecycle	rel:definition	1
commodity warrant	A derivative based on commodities contracts traded on exchanges.	rel:definition	1
aud aonia ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for AUD-AONIA-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
bond call terms set	The terms and conditions in which a bond can be redeemed by the issuer prior to its maturity. Usually a premium is paid to the bond owner when the bond is called.	rel:definition	1
securities disbursement response message	"SWIFT: Term:\""Securities Option\"" Definition:\""Distribution of securities to holders.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
securities disbursement response message	""Notification of response opting to take the securities offered."	rel:definition	1
huf bubor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for HUF-BUBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
arbitrage synthetic cdo	Arbitrage synthetic CDO deals are motivated by regulatory or practical considerations that might make a bank want to retain ownership of debt while achieving capital relief through CDSs. In this case, the sponsoring bank has a portfolio of obligations, called the reference portfolio. It retains that portfolio, but offloads its credit risk by transacting CDSs with the CDO.	rel:definition	1
equity future	A Futures instrument which is based on an equity security or securities, specifically a publicly issued and traded share.	rel:definition	1
email address	a virtual address for communication via email	rel:definition	1
super po tranche	Principal Only tranche. This tranche will only pay principal. Not clear how this is distinct from generic PO.	rel:definition	1
request	an occurrence whereby an agent asks another agent for something or to do something	rel:definition	1
request	A request by some party to some other party for some thing or service.	rel:definition	1
credit rating	Some rating which formally describes the credit worthiness of something or someone.	rel:definition	1
linear payout terms	Terms governing the payment commitment on a vanilla option.	rel:definition	1
publishing house	Some business entity which specializes in publishing information.	rel:definition	1
municipal area	An area which is identified as a municipality and governed by a municipal government. Scope Note: In most of the world this term or word corresponds to a city area. In the US, municipalities are also identified as coextensive with counties and some other geographical areas.	rel:definition	1
holder initiated action	Any action initiated by a Holder of a Security.	rel:definition	1
remarketing agreement initiated	Event in which a remarketing agreement is initiated for a Perpetual Floating Rate Note, following the collapse of such note.	rel:definition	1
funds spv	A Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) set up specifically to create an investment fund. It is set up by a company or a group of companies for this purpose. The SPV is formed for a specific reason and exists for a specific period of time and is then disbanded.	rel:definition	1
american exercise convention	A feature of an option that stipulates that the option can be exercised anytime within the specified date window.	rel:definition	1
fx volatility option	An option on the volatility of an FX rate. Further Note: Not found in FpML product definitions or taxonomy.	rel:definition	1
nzd swap rate icap reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for NZD-Swap Rate-ICAP-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
interbank rate authority	an interest rate authority responsible for setting the interbank rate	rel:definition	1
publicly held company	a company whose shares are traded and held publicly	rel:definition	1
financial securities actor	Some actor which has some agency in securities issuance or trading, or is some third party in such.	rel:definition	1
trading status message	A message about trading status.	rel:definition	1
twd telerate	the FpML floating interest index for TWD-Telerate-6165	rel:definition	1
chf liborswap cme lch icap bloomberg	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-6M LIBORSWAP-CME vs LCH-ICAP-Bloomberg	rel:definition	1
dividend distribution	Any event relating to a dividend payment.	rel:definition	1
master agreement early termination provisions	Terms and Conditions around early termination of the Master Agreement.	rel:definition	1
support tranche	A tranche which provides payment support to a PAC Tranche.	rel:definition	1
czk pribor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for CZK-PRIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
clearing corporation	a clearing house that is organized as a corporation	rel:definition	1
call type	Way in which a call will be executed, which is by Lottery or Pro-Rata.	rel:definition	1
energy commodity	A commodity which relates to the provision or distribution of energy.	rel:definition	1
third party agent	any service provider that is licensed to perform a legally binding function and has been legally empowered to act on behalf of another party	rel:definition	1
spot settlement commitment	A commitment for settlement at the earliest possible trading date, in accordance with the applicable settlement convention.	rel:definition	1
locally derived price	A price derived locally from information supplied by a market data vendor such as an end of day spread.	rel:definition	1
best of assets plus cash payout commitment	A commitment to pay out on the best of a number of assets, plus cash.	rel:definition	1
us corporate bond yield calculation method	This has 30/360 and semi-annual compounding.	rel:definition	1
unlisted bond	A bond that is traded over the counter rather than via an exchange or other listing facility.	rel:definition	1
relative cashflow	A cash flow as seen from the perspective of a given balance sheet or by a given entity, that is a flow of funds into or or out of that balance sheet or on the part of that entity.	rel:definition	1
energy physical delivery	Delivery of oil, gas and electricity.	rel:definition	1
document	An information deliverable created in the course of some business process, and with some lifecycle independent of its use to communicate the information therein.	rel:definition	1
document	something tangible that records something, such as a recording or a photograph, or a writing that can be used to furnish evidence or information	rel:definition	1
market transaction	Any transaction which defines a supply of some negotiable item in return for some Consideration. The Market Transaction has a Principal and a Counterparty, i.e. it is not symmetrical.	rel:definition	1
price barter specification	The specification of the price of some item in terms of the number of some other (non currency) items of value that may exchanged for some quantity of the item so prices.	rel:definition	1
cash structured finance instrument	A structured finance instrument with a real asset underlying.	rel:definition	1
security tax treatment	Amount of money due to the government or tax authority, according to various pre-defined parameters such as thresholds or income.	rel:definition	1
occurrence kind	instances of OccurrenceKind are types of events, each having a description	rel:definition	1
loan guaranty	A guaranty given by some party in respect of some loan.	rel:definition	1
cdo note	Collateralized Debt Obligation. This is a type of asset-backed security and is constructed from a portfolio of fixed income assets including corporate loans and mortgage backed securities. A special purpose vehicle (SPV) issues notes to investors in order to raise funds that are invested in a portfolio of those fixed income assets, held by the SPV as collateral for the notes. Further notes: Collateralized Debt Obligation, for example, ABS CDO which consists of a portfolio of different ABS bonds, and the payments to the holders of these trust certificates are derived from the cash flows of the ABS bonds. This CDO instrument is part of a CDO issue, consisting of individual CDO instruments of a given seniority. Often referred to as tranches and slices (Investopedia). Investopedia: Similar in structure to a collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO) or collateralized bond obligation (CBO), CDOs are unique in that they represent different types of debt and credit risk. In the case of CDOs, these different types of debt are often referred to as 'tranches' or 'slices'. Each slice has a different maturity and risk associated with it. The higher the risk, the more the CDO pays. Further details: Collateralized Debt obligations are securitized interests in pools of - generally non-mortgage - assets. Assets - called collateral - usually comprise loans or debt instruments. A CDO may be called a collateralized loan obligation (CLO) or collateralized bond obligation (CBO) if it holds only loans or bonds, respectively. Investors bear the credit risk of the collateral. Multiple tranches of securities are issued by the CDO, offering investors various maturity and credit risk characteristics.	rel:definition	1
regular schedule	a schedule whose time intervals recur regularly	rel:definition	1
fixed interest rate leg	a swap stream that specifies fixed interest amounts and terms for the payment of that interest	rel:definition	1
refer to fund order desk	Restriction requiring an investor to refer to the fund order desk prior to redeeming a fund.	rel:definition	1
facility	something that is built, contrived, established, or installed to serve a particular purpose, or make some course of action or operation easier, or provide some capability or service	rel:definition	1
master confirmation valuation time terms set	Formal terms specifying the time for Valuation of Equity Underlying.	rel:definition	1
reg	US regulation concerning \"Equal credit opportunity act\" Electronic delivery of disclosures	rel:definition	1
past value	The value is determined at some point in the past.	rel:definition	1
chf basis swap libor icap	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-Basis Swap-3m vs 6m-LIBOR-11:00-ICAP	rel:definition	1
hmda report	a report prepared to satisfy HMDA regulatory reporting requirements as described US section 1003.3(c) of the Revised Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 2015	rel:definition	1
common law system	common law, also known as case law or precedent, is law developed by judges through decisions of courts and similar tribunals	rel:definition	1
step schedule listing	A schedule of dates and interest rates which take effect on those dates. At present these are assumed to always be ficxed interest rates, and are modeled as such.	rel:definition	1
future	a contract that obligates the buyer to receive and the seller to deliver, in the future, the assets specified at an agreed price	rel:definition	1
index future standardized terms set	A set of standard terms for index futures contracts, as set out by the derivatives exchange. Index Futures contracts issued by and traded on that exchange will take on these terms or override them.	rel:definition	1
swap execution facility	an exchange, trading system, or platform that enables many participants to execute or trade swaps	rel:definition	1
coupon conditional term	A term in the conditional coupon terms which matches one set of coupon terms (fixed rate or variable coupon) with one condition.	rel:definition	1
cad repo corra	the FpML floating interest index for CAD-REPO-CORRA	rel:definition	1
loan identifier	A formal identification code allocated to loans.	rel:definition	1
usd federal funds ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for USD-Federal Funds-H.15-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
referent	the concept that another concept stands for or refers to	rel:definition	1
riferimento	Meaning not known	rel:definition	1
try annual swap rate tradition	the FpML floating interest index for TRY Annual Swap Rate-11:00-TRADITION	rel:definition	1
pool weighted average loan age	A dollar-weighted average measuring the age of the individual loans in a mortgage pass-through or pooled security, such as Ginnie Mae or a Freddie Mac security. The WALA is measured as the time in months since the origination of the loans, with the weighting based on each loan's size in proportion to the aggregate total of the pool.	rel:definition	1
grd athimid reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for GRD-ATHIMID-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
issue subscription information	Information relating to the subscription of the issue.	rel:definition	1
ordinary voting right	The voting rights conferred on holders of Ordinary Shares in the company. The precise details of these rights such as what shareholders may vote on and how their voting right is exercised, are defined in the Company Constitution or Articles of Incorporation / Articles of Association.	rel:definition	1
index linked security	A bond in which payment of income on the principal is related to a specific price index, such as the Consumer Price Index.	rel:definition	1
postal address element	Text which is part of some Postal Address. Editorial Note: This is labeled as Address Element but is specific to Postal Addresses. The more general term for elements of any type of address is Address Component. This also covers e.g. network addresses, URIs.	rel:definition	1
sek stibor reference banks	the FpML floating interest index for SEK-STIBOR-Reference Banks	rel:definition	1
grd athimid reuters	the FpML floating interest index for GRD-ATHIMID-Reuters	rel:definition	1
de facto controlling interest party	A party which exercises some control over an entity other than via some constitutional instrument such as shares.	rel:definition	1
usd cof reuters	the FpML floating interest index for USD-COF11-Reuters	rel:definition	1
ron rbor reuters	the FpML floating interest index for RON-RBOR-Reuters	rel:definition	1
exercise ex change option notification	Notification of exercise by Holder of an exsting option for shareholders to exchange their holdings for other securities and/or cash.	rel:definition	1
exercise ex change option notification	"Exchange options are mentioned in the terms and conditions of a security and are valid during the whole lifetime of a security. SWIFT: \""Option for shareholders to exchange their holdings for other secuities and/or cash. Exchange options are mentioned in the terms and conditions of a security and are valid during the whole lifetime of a security.\""	rel:definition	1
exercise ex change option notification	holder initiated instruction	rel:broader	1
exercise ex change option notification	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/CAE/AboutCAE/CAESpecification>	<http://purl.org/dc/terms/isPartOf>	1
exercise ex change option notification	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/CAE/CorporateEvents/CorporateActionsEvents/ExerciseExChangeOptionNotification>	rel:isDefinedBy	1
exercise ex change option notification	<http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#Concept>	rel:type	1
corporate action announcer	""The party which makes the CA announcement. Best label for this? unclear. note that they may be issuers of other stock but they do not have to be. You can initiate a corporate action but you are not the issuer of that security, but the action is still about a particular security. Not all actions are bound to specific to a security/. A n action may impact one or more securities, The actions may require different communications. So we should probably distinguish actions versus communications about events. ADD: Communication. Example: Bell breakout. Sample use case for CAE."	rel:definition	1
statutory reporting obligation	Some reporting obligation set out in some statute.	rel:definition	1
edge corporation	a corporation chartered by the Federal Reserve to engage in international banking and financial operations	rel:definition	1
letter of credit guaranty	Guaranty takes the form of a letter of credit, ie, a document issued by a bank guaranteeing the payment up to a stated amount for a specified period.	rel:definition	1
fdic certificate number	an identifier issued to a depository institution by the FDIC on approval of that institution's application for insurance	rel:definition	1
open outcry price determination method	Method of trading on a commodity exchange. The term derives from the fact that traders must shout out their buy or sell orders. When a trader shouts he wants to sell at a particular price and someone else shouts he wants to buy at that price the two traders have made a contract that will be recorded.	rel:definition	1
usd isda swap rate	the FpML floating interest index for USD-ISDA-Swap Rate-3:00	rel:definition	1
chf tois ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for CHF-TOIS-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
fund manager	The party that sets up the fund, decides the investment strategy, appoints the agents, and is responsible for the promotion and the marketing of the fund. It makes all of the important decisions related to the fund. Also called fund promotor or fund sponsor. This is a dupliucate of Fund Management Company at the moment	rel:definition	1
jpy ltpr tbc	the FpML floating interest index for JPY-LTPR-TBC	rel:definition	1
discharging event	The event in which the	rel:definition	1
oil grade	The grade of oil which is defined as this oil commodity.	rel:definition	1
license identifier	an identifier associated with a license	rel:definition	1
futures transaction	A forward settlement transaction which is defined by the Futures market in which they are traded.	rel:definition	1
single stock option	Option instrument based on a single equity security (share) underlying.	rel:definition	1
product	A commercially distributed good that is (1) tangible property, (2) the output or result of a fabrication, manufacturing, or production process, or (3) something that passes through a distribution channel before being consumed or used.	rel:definition	1
share action	Some action relating to equity shares. Add: relationship to Share	rel:definition	1
time interval	a segment of the time axis, a location in time, with an extent or duration	rel:definition	1
sampling variance	a measure of the extent to which the estimate of a characteristic from different possible samples of the same size and the same design differ from one another	rel:definition	1
third party formal offer notification	Notification of some third party offer, to the shareholders.	rel:definition	1
swap stream event	a payment event (e.g., interest payment, coupon payment, etc.) against one leg of a swap stream	rel:definition	1
guarantor	a party that guarantees, endorses, or provides indemnity for some obligation on behalf of some other party	rel:definition	1
prospectus	A document which at one and the same time describes some future potential investment and sets out the legal terms which will form part of the contract which embodies that investment, should the recipient choose to invest as described in the prospectus. Term origin:SR Modeling	rel:definition	1
coupon payment	The event whereby a coupon amount is paid or is to be paid.	rel:definition	1
terms sheet	A set of written terms setting out legal or contractual rights, obligations and the like, but not (or not yet) forming part of a set of Contractual Terms.	rel:definition	1
prescriptive event	an event related to the imposition or enforcement of a rule, method, formula, etc.	rel:definition	1
repofunds rate france ois compound	the FpML floating interest index for REPOFUNDS RATE-FRANCE-OIS-COMPOUND	rel:definition	1
american statistics publisher	a statistical information publisher comprised of the government agencies and departments that publish statistical information on behalf of the U.S. Federal Government	rel:definition	1
sales finance company	a finance company that purchases retail and wholesale paper from automobile and other consumer and commercial goods dealers	rel:definition	1
unilateral contract	a contract in which only one party makes an express promise, or undertakes a performance without first securing a reciprocal agreement from the other party	rel:definition	1
inflation factor underlying	The argument of the Inflation Factor calculation formula, which is the inflation factor itself.	rel:definition	1
common law jurisdiction	a jurisdiction based on common law	rel:definition	1
cash response	"SWIFT: \""Distribution of cash to holders.\""	<https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/explanatoryNote>	1
cash response	""Response is to take cash."	rel:definition	1
exempt issuer	a securities issuer that issues securities that are exempt from certain regulatory reporting requirements	rel:definition	1
credit default swap transaction	The transaction in which one party pay a fee or fees for credit protection and another commits to enter into the contingent transaction if the credit event takes place.	rel:definition	1
market identifier	identifier or code allocated to places of trade, i.e., stock exchanges, regulated markets, e.g., Electronic Trading Platforms (ECN), and unregulated markets, e.g., Automated Trading Systems (ATS)	rel:definition	1

